---
id: 75
title: backlash
date: 2003-10-06T02:56:02+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "75"
permalink: /?p=75
---
&#8220;Above all else, guard your heart, for it is the wellspring of life.&#8221; - Proverbs 4:23

I first heard this verse four years ago, and I've never forgotten it since. At first glance, this verse looks to be referring to things coming in, like thoughts, desires, and feelings. However, I've been thinking lately, that it's important to watch what comes out of the heart. After all, the tongue is merely the expression of what the heart feels, so my words should be clean too. I noticed that I've been insulting and making fun of people a lot, almost without thinking, and I'm not too impressed with this behaviour/attitude. I've begun watching carefully what I let myself say, and trying to catch insults before they leave my mouth. I'm not always successful, but I think I've cut down a lot. This decision has had some side effects though. With a newfound awareness of my own words, I've also begun to notice others' insults a lot more as well. It's almost like before, when we were all insulting each other, it was okay because I felt that I deserved the insult, since I showed no restraint on insults before. However, now that I'm trying hard to stop, I find that I'm taking insults a lot more personally, and it's beginning to cut. An unexpected, and interesting side effect. Through this experience, I've learned a bit more about how people feel when the line between jokes and insults become blurred, and the actual pain that can result. I need to maintain this attitude, since I now know how hurtful insults, even meant in jest, can be.