---
id: 57
title: sore!
date: 2003-07-21T02:00:17+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "57"
permalink: /?p=57
---
A combination of canoeing, tug-o-war, and badminton, and sunburn has totally killed my arms and legs. This weekend was a blast though, even though i didn't do much work;
  
  
Played a game of ghost with the high-schoolers from KWCAC, and everyone decided to gang up on me;. I think they were just being sexist! =p Regardless, I had my share of good words, although when four people are trying to make you lose, its kind of difficult not to. =) As we canoed around the man-made lake, Em and I jumped ashore on a deserted island in the middle of the lake. There we discovered the remains of a campfire, and a rather large caterpillar. I found a perfect climbing tree, but it was _covered_ with silk, perhaps because it was a breeding ground for butterflies. It was fun to explore though, and I'd love to do it again. =)

I met a lot more people from KWCAC, including Jas's little sis Ir, a yellow-shirted girl named Vic, and I also made a new &#8216;best friend', in the form of a seven-year-old named Daniel. So cute, and so friendly! After only a few minutes of playing, (and walking on me) he addressed me has a friend. =) Kids are so innocent and fun! If we all had an attitude like that of children, and were less guarded in our interactions wtih people, I think the world would be a better place! I talked with his parents, and got to know them, apparently they just moved here. Coincidentally, they have the exact same names as my housemate and his girlfriend! Oh, and I got invited over for dinner sometime. That was an unexpected and pleasant surprise! It'll be cool that I'll be around in the fall, maybe I can get to know them better, and help them feel more at home! 

Today, I played badminton at CIF with <a href="http://www.spaceinthewho.blogspot.com" target="_blank">s</a>, <a href="http://www.sheepie.net" target="_blank">b.p.</a> and Al. SO much fun! =) lots of good rallies, and trick shots! An impressive showing from both b.p. (who has improved immensely [I hope you know what that means]) and steph (who has never played before) !! Afterwards, it was some very filling egyptian cuisine, and some 3-2-1-Penguin DVD action. For those of you who've watched it, Kevin's the best!
  
  
Didn't get that much work done, but I had a TON of fun! Now it's time to hunker down and go hardcore, especially with 342;.