---
id: 86
title: christmas
date: 2003-12-23T03:35:38+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "86"
permalink: /?p=86
---
I've been back for 5 days, and I'm _still_ cleaning! So much to move, so much to unpack! I'm just glad that I've finally cleared out most of the upstairs hallway, so most of my junk is in my room (yay!). I can't see my floor anymore, and to get into bed I have to vault over a veritable mountain of stuff. My mom tells me that people are coming over soon, so I have to get everything cleaned, so that's what I've been doing till 4 am every morning. Doesn't help that I'm still sick and coughing all the time. Anyway, I'm not posting to complain, I'm actually posting 'cause I was recently re-reading all my emails, and one particular one stuck out for me, it's a Christmas post, written by my friend Matthew Lau.

<table width="80%"  border="0" align="center">
  <br />Perhaps I am just a little sensitive about this, but how far should we be pushed before we would realize that without this, we would not be here at all? Have we all forgotten that our lives were bought back, taken in, rescued, all because of that little infant?</p> 
  
  <p>
    Is that not a good enough reason for us to all be happy? Isn’t that why we are supposed to be merry to begin with? That we messed up, big time, but someone was nice enough to come and, quite conveniently, lay all our charges upon Himself, as if He could possibly commit them all?
  </p>
  
  <p>
    Isn’t that why we celebrate with our families and friends in the first place? Was that not the original incentive for getting gifts for each other – to imitate the one who gave us that costly, precious gift, that says Pardon on it?
  </p>
  
  <p>
    It is with that in mind, that I want to make the following wish to each and every one of you.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    It’s not going to be politically correct, though, I will tell you that.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    But then again, He was never really a big fan of being politically correct anyway. As far as I could remember, He never really tried hard to fit in to what everybody else liked. Nor did His words please the people around Him often. In fact, He rarely thought twice about standing up for His believes, even if it means to be the only guy, even if it means to be different, even if it means, to be radical.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    So here it is. My very own, radical, wish.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    Merry Christmas<br /> <br />Displease you if that might, I refuse to be afraid of telling about the one who came all the way just to take my place for a barbarous beating, a savage whipping, and a lengthy, lonely death with body outstretched, bones broken, limbs penetrated, until there was no more blood to be dripped, until there was no power left to push off and let air into that lung. Nor dare I be ashamed to.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    He did it, so we don’t have to.<br /> <br />We are who we are today, because He was willing to become who He wasn’t.<br /> <br />Now we want to remember and celebrate that. Is that asking for too much?
  </p>
  
  <p>
    Merry Christmas
  </p>
  
  <p>
    Oh, and, hope you all get lots of presents under the Holiday Tree left by that big-boned, horizontally challenged elderly Caucasian male with his red outfit and the white beard.</table> 
    
    <p>
      This encapsulates the true meaning of Christmas for me; That my saviour came down to earth, all to save me, to forgive me, to reveal himself to me. I feel like those shepherds in the field where angels appeared, amazed that of all people, with all the kings and lords of the earth to appear to, my God would tell ME the news; me, an unworthy, dirty, shepherd.
    </p>
    
    <p>
    </p>
    
    <table width="50%"  border="0" align="center">
      <i>a stream of light and<br /> <br />a loud voice announcing<br /> <br />the glorious news<br /> <br />the birth of a king</p> 
      
      <p>
        a bright star appears<br /> <br />on the horizon outshining<br /> <br />everything in the sky<br /> <br />directing the way to the king
      </p>
      
      <p>
        a heavenly choir burst<br /> <br />into song heralding<br /> <br />to shepherds dirty, unclean<br /> <br />the birth of a king
      </p>
      
      <p>
        following the star<br /> <br />they walk thinking<br /> <br />it will lead them to a palace<br /> <br />a dwelling of a king
      </p>
      
      <p>
        the star rests<br /> <br />above a lowly stable<br /> <br />not fit for a slave<br /> <br />birthplace of the King</i></table>