---
id: 14
date: 2003-02-19T15:52:59+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "14"
permalink: /?p=14
---
_thoughts, not necessarily organized_
  
I think that children today are hurting for a purpose, and this need is only intensified by our schools (which are supposed to give them something to strive for). For twelve years, hundreds of children are thrown together into a single building under the pretense of increasing their knowledge. In this time, school is to them what work is to us, a large chunk of their lives. Ostensibly, drilling them with useless facts and figures for a large part of the day is to allow them to experience all the different fields and to discover their interests, choosing their desired occupation, but if this is the case, then it is marvelously inefficient. In my experience, this only serves to destroy any appeal for the subject that the student previously had. After failing two music courses, I came to the conclusion that I was musically inept, until I discovered that I actually enjoyed music, and actually had a a little ability for it. But Joseph, you say, schools are also for preparing students to face the challenges of the real world! School allows you to work at something, and achieve it, gaining the accolade of your peers! How so? The standard for academic achievement, marks, does not affect one's popularity in school at all, and those who do better in school usually end up being at the bottom of the social ladder. (see [Why nerds are unpolular](http://paulgraham.com/nerds.html)). The main purpose of school therefore becomes nothing more than a giant Day Care center, so that parents can go and do Important Stuff. I don't have a solution for this dilemma, and it's going to take a lot of thought before I can justify having kids of my own. For now, the most important thing is to care about the children, and not the &#8220;Think of the children!&#8221; children, hazy and impersonal objects thrown in for effect. No, I mean the children that you see every day, your siblings, your nephews, your own flesh and blood. Actually CARE for them, and let them know that they matter. Otherwise, they may give into despair, and rebel merely for the sake of having a purpose.

_side note_
  
I know I'm guilty of this as well, but try to collect all your thoughts before posting comments. Each comment takes up a failry large amount of space (I need to fix that) and having long threads of comments just ins't going to work.