---
id: 70
title: as it ends, so it begins
date: 2003-09-06T23:39:06+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "70"
permalink: /?p=70
---
I find myself thinking in this last day before the school term starts in earnest. This past week has been more a part of summer holidays than a part of school. It's been so much fun, hanging around, and doing what amounts to nothing, but I worry about my coming term. A very difficult and time-consuming term lies ahead, and I hope and pray that I can use my time wisely to both further God's kingdom, and improve my academic performance. 

In light of realistic contemplation about my own academic ability, I have decided to drop one of the &#8220;work&#8221; courses and take an easier course, to lighten the load that I have to endure. Despite the fact that I am not a glutton for punishment, I will continuue to take Algorithms, Operating Systems, and Documentation all together. However, I am dropping the management science course in favour of a mandarin course, China 120R. Hopefully, I can still enroll into that course. Argh, after doing some research, it seems I can't. Formse of Fantasy it is then! I'll be taking English 208A.

This past week has been intense, from the cleaning of the house to the organisation of my room, to the cleanup of the entire basement and main floor of 252 Westcourt. em's help has been invaluable, and my sister's company has been enjoyable. =) Thanks to everyone who helped out! You guys are awesome! Anyway, here's a quick run-down of this past week:
  
  
Monday - move my sister in, laze about the house doing mostly nothing
  
  
Tuesday - clean the kitchen, make room in the side for shelves, go to the lotus tea house for lunch
  
  
Wednesday - meet Eunie, watch My Sassy Girl, finish up kitchen cleaning
  
  
Thursday - Clean most of bathroom except for mopping. Dinner with sis, Eunie, and em at rude native. GOOD food!
  
  
Friday - Go swimming, finally! eat breakfast with sis, get recycle bin, and do random cleanup till CCF. CCF get kicked out of its room, so CCF decides to move to westcourt. There's only one problem;. stuff is EVERYWHERE! Chaos ensues as YK, em, Wayne, and I attempt to pack a main floor full of stuff into as small an area as possible (which essentially amounted to moving it ALL into my room!). All is good though, and everything worked out, praise God. =)

It's definitely going to be an interesting term with all these people here. Far from quiet, and I know it's going to be a wild ride, especially with all these frosh! We're definitely going to need divine assistance to be able to watch over this many sheep. May God continue to grant us wisdom and lead us to trust more in His providence.