---
id: 50
title: dance
date: 2003-06-10T02:55:13+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "50"
permalink: /?p=50
---
I noticed that a lot of my recent entries have to do with dancing. =) Who am I to break the pattern? hehehe  
Anyhow, today was more dancing, intermediate social dance, and hip-hop performers. My feet hurt. A lot. I mean, the arch of my feet feels so pained that I think I'd fall over if forced to walk for more than five minutes. Which is going to happen tomorrow, unless I take my bike. Dance is always fun, and I think I'll do it next term, too! =) We finished off the hip-hop dance, the one that we went half-way through in coffee house.   
Speaking of coffee house, it went amazingly well. The most memorable moment was when A began singing the third verse of &#8220;Every Season&#8221;. The whole hall hushed down, ambient noise went to almost nothing. It was an incredible experience. =) I'm glad we got to perform, and I'm glad we got to share why we sing. I found a new friend, one who was just walking by, and happened to hear us sing, and stayed through the coffee house. He's never been to ccf before, but I think we convinced him to go this friday; yay!!! =) Incidentally, he's Russian, which will be VERY interesting. =)   
I baked a chicken today, using pt's recipe, and it turned out unexpectedly well! I was afraid that it wouldn't go, but it turned out to be crisp and juicy, enough for 6 people to share! Also, em showed me how to make stuff with green peppers and pineapples, although it DID taste more like dessert than a main course; hehe; I'm already expanding my cooking horizons! hurrah! ideally, I'll be an expert chef by the time I get back! (like that's going to happen!)  
Too much food here to eat! I have WAY too many snacks, and I am getting almost no excercise outside of running to school, and hip hop, so I think I'm going to take up swimming. Less painful than running, and good cardio, also perfect for hot summer weather! Say, an hour a day? That would counterbalance all the eating I am doing. =)  
Picking courses is always difficult, but now that I have to select courses based on my ability to handle them, I'm having a bit of trouble. Here's the courseload:

CS341 - Algorithms (HARD)  
CS350 - OS (HARD)  
ActSci 221 - Investment (bird!)  
Some psych - (not too bad!)  
either CS445 ( Documentation, HARD!)  
or CS448 (DB, easy!)  
or some psych ( fun! )  
So there's the schedule. I'll finalize later on this morning. =)