---
id: 56
title: why we serve
date: 2003-07-14T23:49:14+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "56"
permalink: /?p=56
---
I've been thinking a bit about why I do so much for ccf, why I serve as a bible study leader, or a cell group leader, or organize events like coffee house. As it happens, I was just reading 1 Peter, and I came across this verse in Ch.4 vs. 11: &#8220;If anyone serves, let him serve with the strength _God provides_, so that in _all things God may be praised_ through Jesus Christ. To Him be the glory, and the power, forever and ever. Amen.&#8221; (emphasis mine). This verse just drove home a point for me, the reason why I do things. It is not to gain status, or recognition, but to glorify God. There is no room for half-hearted attempts, or placing convenience before commitment. As a leader, my priority should be placed on my cell group, and nurturing their growth. 

In terms of personal spiritual growth, I think this term has been a first for me. I've really learned about the responsibility of taking care of the spiritual growth of some people, and I've also learned about the benefits of having friends that are close enough to me to let me know when my behaviour is placing a strain on others. This network of accountability has really helped me be more aware of what others feel around me. I really thank God for placing these friends around me, and I pray that I can do the same for the people he has placed under my care.

Since all this was done for the glory of God, by God, I really have no claim to bettering myself. I pray that God would continue to use these experiences, both good and bad, to build my faith. In 1 Peter, it says, &#8220;Be shepherds of God's flock that is under your care -not because you must, but because you are willing, as God wants you to be; not greedy for money, but eager to serve.&#8221; This is my reason, why I serve. Not because there exists a need, though it is clearly there. Not because I can gain acclaim for myself, since everything I do on my own would be tested by fire and burned up, like chaff. I serve because I want to serve, as God wants me to serve. And I have nothing to worry, because I can &#8220;Cast all [my] anxiety on him because he cares for [me].&#8221;