---
id: 13
date: 2003-02-18T15:00:29+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "13"
permalink: /?p=13
---
I've hacked together a thumbnail system for the photo gallery, so it looks a bit better now. Thanks to a liberal reuse of code the new system works just as well as the last one, with extra features. 

_annoyances_  
I am quickly getting tired of the problems that our subway system has. Today, it took me over 2 hours to get to work, thanks to a delay at eglinton; However, I _did_ get to try the new sheppard subway line, and I must say, it is very nice. =) The walls have a pretty cool mosaic-tile landscape, very aesthetically pleasing.   
In other news, I went to the auto show on saturday, to drool over the cars. I got to see [my NSX](http://www.acura.com/models/nsx_index.asp?section=home&#038;page=index&#038;bhcp=1), and it was the perfect colour too! I have pictures of that, as well as the batmobile, which was also present. The whole trip was extremely entertaining, especially when Dave found places giving away free stuff;. He ended up with a BOX of bottled water, and about 80 packs of Dodge Chrysler tissue packs. People kept giving us dirty looks, it was pretty amusing. =) Dinner required a 30 minute walk to find an open place, in -28 degree weather, but the food was good. After I got home, I recieved a call from my friend at around 10 pm to go for a movie. Sadly, I was outvoted 2-1 and we went to watch &#8220;10 Ways To Lose a Guy&#8221;, rather than Daredevil. The movie was horrible, unsurprisingly. It was filled with plot-unrelated attempts at humour, and the suffering was compounded by my headache. Hopefully, the next time we go, people will see reason and go with my first choice. =)