---
id: 71
title: 'public class CS341 implements boredom {'
date: 2003-09-12T01:44:19+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "71"
permalink: /?p=71
---
Since I'm writing this from within my class, you can tell that I'm really bored. Anyhow, the first week is almost over, and it's been packed with events! Last night, Waiki invited a ton of people over for dinner, and it was lots of fun; especially the game of Balderdash that occured after! Some of Andrew's definitions; \*sigh\*

Anyway, last night I got to plan out the cell group that I'm co-leading with my co-lead, JH. Essentially, we're leading a cell group on Christian Living, about the application of the teachings of Jesus' ministry in our lives. Most interesting about last night's meeting was that I've never actually met JH, and so when JH walked in, I had no idea who it was. We had a pretty good meeting, and established our goals, and planned out our meeting times, so we're pretty much ready for this week. I hope that we'll really get an opportunity to affect the lives of the people that will join. JH had a lot of ideas to promote &#8220;birthing&#8221; (ask Yuling!) and there's a lot that we'll be able to build new cell group leaders!

My room is still a mess, even after an entire week, partially due to the sheer volume of STUFF that Em left! Not that I'm not grateful of course, I am;. I now have two sets of blankets, a really nice pillow, a floor mat, a whole truckload of books and cds, and last, but definitely not least, a lava lamp. =) Insanity! I've got to spend the weekend cleaning and packing; Yesterday, I mopped all the tile floors in the house, which was a start, but we need to do more. This saturday will be packed full of events and cleaning, especially Sunday School preparation!

Anyhow, this whole post came about because I wanted to test something, so I'm going to go fix that bug;
  
  
}