---
id: 84
title: "and I\'m back"
date: 2003-12-18T01:12:36+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "84"
permalink: /?p=84
---
Well, after a grueling ordeal of three difficult exams (see [agk's](http://agk.agkstudios.ca/blog/agkblog.aspx) site for more information on cs 341) and an even more exhausting move, packing up everything I've acquired in four months of travel (which is more than I can say, thanks mostly to [b.p.](http://impromptu.sheepie.net), I am back in Toronto, all set for another work term. The main difficulty in adjusting to life in Toronto is that you essentially acquire two (or more) new housemates, except that they are a much higher &#8220;rank&#8221; than you, and think they know you inside out. They then re-assume the position of directing every moment of your life (which they've always done) and expect you to follow everything meekly. There's only one problem. In the four months I've been away, I've had almost total and complete autonomy, answering only to the call of only two things: deadlines and dinner. This creates a stage for almost certain conflict, to which I can see two extremes on the way I can respond.
  
  
On the one end, we have me acquiesing to all their wishes, and on the other, we have me resuming my position of autonomy. Obviously, neither of these two options is viable, and therefore we must end up someplace in the middle, partly-acquiesing and partly-autonomising (is that even a word?).
  
  
I don't think that I will be able to make the most rational decisions in the heat of the moment, so I'm going have to think about my response now. One of my &#8220;housemates&#8221; (the female one) constantly says things that are sometimes hurtful, sometimes helpful, and sometimes almost entirely useless. What she thinks is &#8220;advice&#8221; usually is either something that I've already thought of, or something that I'd never, ever, do. So far, I've been ignoring the useless and hurtful, which is actually working out pretty well, as long as I can maintain it. Sometimes, though, a particularly hurtful or useless statement will break through my shield, and I lose my patience. Not a good feeling, and not a good result. I'm really at a loss as to what I can do. I haven't even been back for a day yet, and my shield has already taken a beating (but hasn't been broken through yet). Don't get me wrong, she genuinely cares for me, but the problem is that her way of expressing that care is not really the best. I really need God's grace for both her and me. I think I'll have to pray more, and resume my devotions, which I've been neglecting. I really need to get back on track. =/

I'm eagerly anticipating [Urbana](http://urbana.org), a gargantuan missions conference for Christians. To read more about it, click the link, but it's essentially a training ground for missions, as well as a great environment to see what God is doing in the lives of other Christians in the rest of the world. I'm praying that I will learn a lot, and be able to apply this to the Small Group that I'm leading, on Financial Responsibility. God has blessed me greatly with co-op positions, and I think I've been sqandering much of God's gifts. I'm praying that leading this group will give me an opportunity to both learn and teach to use my resources in a way that is pleasing to God.