---
id: 11
date: 2003-02-12T15:41:26+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "11"
permalink: /?p=11
---
_incompetence_  
So, at long last, I am able to get a new CPU from dell because of my warranty, and all because of one dell girl who had no idea what she was doing. Until today, I had never experienced the true horror of clueless tech support, and I even doubted its existance, but now I have firsthand experience of it. Throughout the entire support call, after every single thing I said, I got a &#8220;hang on a sec?&#8221; and heard the dell girl asking another tech support person what to do. This happened at least 25-30 times. To give you an idea of just how silly the call got, here are some brief clips of the conversation stream (dg denotes dell girl, m denotes me)

**1. Where is it?**  
dg: &#8220;Okay, take out the RAM from the system.&#8221;  
m: &#8220;Where is it?&#8221;  
dg: &#8220;Just open the panel on the bottom.&#8221;  
m: &#8220;Which panel? There are two.&#8221;  
dg: Hang on; &#8220;The bottom one.&#8221;  
m: &#8220;Um; okay. Well, one has one screw, the other has two.&#8221;  
dg: Hang on; &#8220;But there should be only one panel.&#8221;  
m: &#8220;Well, there are two.&#8221;  
dg: Hang on; &#8220;oh; umm; try the panel with one screw. There should only be one screw.&#8221;  
m: &#8220;Okay. There's a chip here. It says 3com.&#8221;  
dg: Hang on; &#8220;Um.. I think that is the wrong one.&#8221; (really?? =P)

**2. What a computer needs**  
dg: &#8220;Alright, take everything out, battery, hard drive, floppy, power cable. And then power on your system.&#8221;  
m: &#8220;Uh; How's it going to turn on without power?&#8221;  
dg: &#8220;Um, hang on;.&#8221;

**3. What is ram for?** (continued from 1.)  
dg: &#8220;Okay, take out the RAM chips.&#8221;  
m: &#8220;Done.&#8221;  
dg: &#8220;Okay, now turn it over, and press the power.&#8221;  
m: &#8220;It doesn't work.&#8221; (I wonder why? =P It's not like RAM is neccessary for it to work or anything.)  
dg: Hang on; &#8220;Okay, it's gotta be your motherboard. We'll send you a new one.&#8221;  
m: &#8220;You've already replaced it three times.&#8221;  
dg: Hang on; &#8220;Okay, we'll send you a new cpu, too.&#8221;

Sometimes, I wonder at how these people get jobs. She asked the other technician so many times that I was thinking &#8220;Why don't you just let me talk to him, instead of making me listem to muzak every second sentence?&#8221; I guess dell needs unskilled grunt workers like that, so that they can make users so annoyed at the helpdesk that they don't bother calling again. And I missed half of American Idol! I caught the tail end of the large guy, but he was _amazing_, as was Kimberly (the other one). I just hope that they're out of P3 700s!