---
id: 26
title: resNet/housing competency
date: 2003-03-26T10:10:26+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "26"
permalink: /?p=26
---
Well, the short version is that complaining worked. =) Both Roger Watt (IST head) and Sheryl Skingly (Housing head) were most helpful, and now the [blocked ports page](http://noc.uwaterloo.ca/cn/Stats/blocked) carries a list of the degraded ports:
  
  
tcp 6112 dtspcd
  
  
udp 6112 dtspcd
  
  
udp 27005 -
  
  
udp 27015 -
  
  
So I guess that means no counterstrike or warcraft.. =(
  
  
Anyways, here is the response from Roger about the ports:

&#8220;I've just extended http://noc.uwaterloo.ca/cn/Stats/blocked to include the
  
  
degraded-priority protocols. See the very last section, list 170.&#8221;
  
  
(thats the short summary, the rest had some info that was not relevant)

Cheryl about the guy:

Dear Joseph:

My name is Cheryl Skingley and I am the Information Technology Manager for the Department of Housing and Residences at the University of Waterloo. Roger Watt from IST (Information Systems and Technology) copied me on his reply to your email dated March 25, 2003.
  
  
I sincerely apologize for the treatment you received by my staff. There are no excuses valid enough in this case and I am in the process of dealing with this problem. I always appreciate feedback from students in order to improve customer service in all areas of Telecommunications in the Housing Department. I was also disappointed and very frustrated by the response you received and would like to assure you that this will not happen again. From this date forward, all communications sent from the reshelp email box will be proofed by me prior to being sent out. It is unfortunate that this is the case, but I take full responsibility for this issue and have taken steps to ensure it will not happen again. Please don't ever hesitate to contact me directly if you experience any further difficulties.

So yeah. Lesson learned, always go to the top to get things done. =)