---
id: 61
title: busy, busy, busy
date: 2003-08-02T13:46:59+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "61"
permalink: /?p=61
---
heh, you're all going to have to bear with me, as most of my next few posts will relate to school; since I am embroiled in exams right now. =p
  
  
As for the exam I wrote yesterday night, one word.. BLEGH! I'm glad it's over though; it's highly probable that I will never have to take that course again, or anything that relates to it in any manner. =p Thanks to this professor's marking scheme and a cheat sheet policy, it's pretty difficult to fail this course. =) For some reason, I'm remarkably unworried about my exam that is coming up in; oh; 5.5 hours? \*shrug\* I never did get worried about psych exams. Now Concurrency, and Statistics, those are cause for concern. =( 

Ooooh; I picked up some DVDs from HMV while I was over at conestoga helping someone pick up a new phone; Did you know that there are almost no phone numbers for the 519 area code in london? Anyhow, the dvds were &#8220;Strictly Ballroom&#8221;, a movie about dancing (soooo cool!!!), and a Judy Garland movie, about a singer (obviously made before she lost her voice). I'm looking forward to the end of exams, so I can do all the things that I'm planning to do, like;..
  


  * redesign parts of my website, and expand the features
  * digitise the logo that I designed
  * reformat my SUPER buggy computer
  * start working with VS.NET 2003
  * play some more badminton
  * read the half a billion books that I've picked up this term
  * hang out with friends more
  * Frozen Throne!

I'm not sure how many of these I'll get done, especially with that last item on the list; =) I can't believe the term has flown by soooo fast. Three months was like the flash of a camera. So much finished, so much left to do;.. If any of you see me lazing about on my holiday, kick me into action, so that I won't waste my time! =p Okay, time to go back to my studies; and to read more about peer groups and social development. =)