---
id: 43
title: "360"
date: 2003-05-11T00:35:29+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "43"
permalink: /?p=43
---
Mamma Mia was awesome. =) Not quite as awesome as Lion King, but it's definately up there! The music was great, the vocals were great, the acting was good; the only complaint I have was that some parts were a bit dirty. Nothing over 14A though, so it wasn't that bad. It was an interesting story, with a cool twist. I'd go see it again, if I had the chance, if only for the ABBA songs. =) All through the performance, people were singing along and clapping, it's so good to know the songs beforehand, because then you can appreciate them even more. My dad brought binoculars along, so I tried to use them to read the sheet music of the conductor (yes, I am a freak!) but I couldn't make out anything beyond the fact that it WAS music. Anyway, we had a blast, and it was off to dinner at the 360 (the title of this blog). The view was simply breathtaking. Anyone who gets the tickets for the $85 Toronto deal simply MUST go to that restaurant. The meal was delicious! The service was great! and it would've been SO costly to go there normally! The meals that they give aren't the super cheap meals; They gave us a $47 combo package meal! The salmon was cooked to perfection! The appetizer mussels from PEI were extremely tender and juicy! The dessert; Words cannot describe this marvel of cheesecake engineering. I hope to achieve this same level of goodness. =) This deal is a really great deal! Get it, if you still can! All in all, I would say that this mother's day went very well! Happy Mothers Day, everyone! =)