---
id: 9
date: 2003-02-10T15:35:13+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "9"
permalink: /?p=9
---
_elections_  
It's time for another FEDS election, and like last year, I have absolutely NO idea what is going on. I found out that the elections were going on from a friend who wanted me to vote for him. Anyhow, that got me interested into looking at the current issues in uw right now. Firstly, strikeable fees. I feel that this would be pretty convenient for me as a student, to get refunds for stuff that I don't pay for. Also, this would stop a lot of organisations from collecting money merely because students are too lazy to get them refunded. However, it _does_ deny organisations a chance to explain what they actually do, to judge if it is in their interests to support it, so I would have to say no to strikeable fees. Besides, it serves the students right, if they are too lazy to stop themselves from being pinged by the university. =)  
Secondly, Ground Zero. This cash-sucker does such horrible business that it is unlikely to _ever_ turn a profit, but one of the candidates for VP of Finance, David Capper, has such an awesome idea for it: a jazz band night. How awesome would that be? Hopefully he can pull it off! =)   
Lastly, but by no means least, and related to the first point, rising tuition. It seriously annoys me how I get a 15% tuition hike, but my buddy in pure math gets a measly 2%. That puts the difference between our tuition fees at approximately $1000. That's just insane! I'm paying $1000 a term to get an HCS and a couple extra courses, and the same bachelor's degree? And the rate at which the tuition is increasing is pretty crazy as well. If 15% tuition increases continue to happen, by the time my kid wants to go to university, say 25 years, it'll cost around $98,756. Someone has to put a stop to this craziness, and I'm hoping it'll be the next FEDS President.

_elsewhere_  
Anyways, in lighter news, I got some work to do at work today. ^_^ Unfortunately, it only took me about 20 minutes to complete, so I'm back to reading more about JSPs! Yay!    
Actually, I was thinking about switching streams next term, i.e. going to school for Summer, and then staying for Fall again. Why? Because I'd like to help out with CCF for the double cohort. (by the way, does anyone know why is it called that? it sounds so dumb!) The only problem is, I can't afford it. =( I'll probably end up deciding in summer term, since I also want to get a job at Microsoft; but I don't know if I have the people skills necessary. I need to practice, so if you see me, talk to me, so I can hone my &#8220;verbal communication skills&#8221;. =)