---
id: 81
title: buried alive!
date: 2003-11-20T19:05:12+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "81"
permalink: /?p=81
---
Work is starting to overload. Wait, did I say starting? I meant continuing. I have to do a ton of UML sequence diagrams, and there's no end in sight. I had to forgoe the celebration of my cousin's birthday this saturday to do OS/Algorithms, and that's just not cool. I haven't been back in months! I hope they haven't forgotten me; haha. They might, you know. Out of sight, out of mind? maybe they think I've become like Mak, who never comes back. =p Oh well, I'll make up for it this co-op term. They'll get more of me than they can handle! hahaha

I must admit, I've been procrastinating over doing these stooooopid diagrams, instead, I've been looking at vacation spots! I want to take a vacation this term; I don't know why. Maybe cause I think my life is boring? Anyway, I've been looking at plane ticket deals; there's a great $59 deal, to the states, but it's only 1 way, so I can't get back after Urbana; =/ I guess I have no choice but to take the bus. Oh well, I imagine it's a great time to read! Speaking of reading, I've been reading a lot more; finished Harry Potter (317 pages) in ~5 hours, Tigana in more (800 pages!!). It's this english class I'm taking; they make us read stuff. And it's FUN! I think I'll be spending a lot more time reading in the winter. I've so long neglected this pastime that I've gotten slower.. =/ so sad! I used to be able to blaze through books. Oh well, lots of time to practice NEXT term! And without a long commute, or need to transfer travelling methods, I'll have much more time to spend with friends and with books. 

Speaking of books, I'm taking a course &#8220;distance ed&#8221; this term. The quotation marks are there to indicate that this is not, in fact, a distance ed course, but I can register for a regular course without actually going to any classes. Won't that be fun? I should be okay though, since CS245 is a rehash of pmath 330, and I can download all the notes/midterms from this term. Oh well, it's one of my requirements, and I probably wouldn't go to this class at all anyway. The problem is the midterm, but I think I can manage. =) I'll just head up sometime and write it. Mailing in assignments? I don't know if that would work, but I can try! haha

Okay, enough procrastination. Time to crank out mad uml sequence diagrams!