---
id: 59
title: bloodless
date: 2003-07-22T22:07:09+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "59"
permalink: /?p=59
---
Mmm;. i am now down 1/2 a litre of blood. ON the plus side, I _was_ up four oreos, two chocolate chip cookies, two and a half cups of apple juice, two pins, and sticker. I say &#8216;was', because they're all gone now. =) Well, all except the pins and the sticker. Anyhow, before you all think that i was attacked by some giant mutant cookie-spitting, apple juice spewing mosquito, let me inform you that I gave up my blood voluntarily, unlike <a href="http://artsweb.uwaterloo.ca/~ehlaw/impromptu.html#292" target="_blank">SOME</a> people. =) Anyway, it was a fun experience, especially the part where the nurse asked me if I've ever had cocaine before, and I heard &#8220;Have you ever eaten cookies?&#8221; So I said, &#8220;yeah, i bake em myself..&#8221; hehehe;. after we got that whole mess cleared up, she asked me for some. And then she told other nurses, and they all wanted some. Too bad it's the last day! ah well; =) Oh, while i was lying there with the life draining out of me, some off-duty attendants were discussing various things; I was trying not to listen as they talked about everything from wedgies to C-sections. hahaha; I think at one point I coughted to try to cover up a laugh, and the nurse looked over, smiled, and said, &#8220;you're not listening, right?&#8221;. =) I found out I am a type <a href="http://webhome.idirect.com/~kehamilt/typb.htm" target="_blank">B</a>, of which only 9 percent of the population is! Do you know your blood type?

Today was a good day. Well, except for the part where I realized just how SCREWED I am for 342. But anyway, everything is good now. Choir was fun, and p is going to see Finding Nemo, which was suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuchh aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa gooooooooooooooooooooooood moooooooooooooovviiiieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee! BUBBLES! YAY BUBBLES!