---
id: 76
title: slacker
date: 2003-10-28T02:05:50+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "76"
permalink: /?p=76
---
I recently told a friend that your identity isn't something you discover, as if it's ingrained within you. It's established. You can determine who or what you want to be. I was doing some self examination, looking at the past few months, and I've noticed that I've become a real slacker, as Sam would say. =) Sleeping in, staying up late, not studying enough; these are just a few of the things I hope to change. I don't want to be like this, and I don't want to procrastinate anymore in changing. This past weekend, I drained myself completely dry. I stayed up 46 hours with 7 hours of sleep, all to finish a midterm and an assignment, and my body can't take this anymore. I've started a new schedule, and hopefully, I can stick to it. Today, I woke up early, packed lunch, went swimming, and did work till about 6:30 pm, minimal distractions. If I can keep this up for the rest of the term, I think I may begin to make a dent in my laziness.
  
  
This past weekend, Pastor Tim talked about Matthew 11:28-30:

<center>
  &#8220;Come to me, all you who are weary and burdened, and I will give you rest.<br /> <br />Take my yoke upon you and learn from me, for I am gentle and humble in heart,<br /> <br />and you will find rest for your souls. For my yoke is easy and my burden is light.&#8221;
</center>

Ironically, I have never before felt more tired in my life, than during that service. From leading a cell group, to participating in the drama team, to teaching sunday school, I felt that I had committed to far too much. However, the sermon really struck me with its simplicity. He talked about how he played hockey when he was younger, and how his hero was some great goalie. PT would imitate that goalie's every move, from his walk, to his sticks, even to his stance, when the puck disappeared from view. However, all that was just surface stuff, dross. What we didn't see was the discipline that went into his sport, the rigourous training, and strict diet, and the devotion of every cell within him to his sport. He wasn't just pretending; he was the REAL THING! This got me thinking; were all the activities that I was doing merely window dressing? Was I giving the effort and discipline required? The resounding answer to that was of course no. I need to do more tha imitate, and so that is the reason why I decided to begin this change. It's going to be hard, and I'm going to need prayers and people to hold me accountable, but it will be worth the effort, and Jesus promises that once I'm there, the burden will be light.