---
id: 41
title: blown away
date: 2003-05-04T18:49:29+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "41"
permalink: /?p=41
---
;and I'm not talking about some pansy leaf-in-wind blown away. I'm talking 12 gauge shotgun to the chest kind of blown away. Words cannot describe yesterday's experience. I went to see Disney's _The Lion King_, and it was absolutely incredible. The human voice can convey so much emotion, and for some reason, whenever I hear a really incredible singer, my eyes start tearing up. I was almost wiping my eyes all through the performance. I don't think I can \*ever\* co back to watching american idol. They just can't stack up. The children were amazing, and SO cute! The best singer was Rafiki, the monkey, that woman is just beyond belief. Completely flawless performance. The second best singer was Mufasa, his voice was also incredible. =) Anyhow, dinner was at Al Fresco's (Richard's reccomendation), and it was REALLY good food! Richard knows the best places to eat downtown. =) After the meal, we coudn't find our ultra-cheap unlabelled seats, and we accidentally sat in the more expensive section, off to the side, and so we got a really good deal. =) By intermission, it was clear that no one was coming to take the better (in the middle) seats, so we shifted over to the best of the cheapest seats. =) Too bad I didn't bring a camera! it was definately a memorable experience, and i am going again FOR SURE! and good seats, when I have money; heheh

Anyway, I'm in waterloo now, just moved in today. we were a little late for sunday service (due to my mom's wanting to pack soooo much food for me. =) we caught the message in the sermon, and had a wicked communion with self contained, sealed communion packs! After that, my family and I went to eat lunch at Angie's Kitchen (a great restaurant, by the way) and then we went over to my place at V3 (with air conditioning, nananana! =) and unloaded everything. So here I am, ready to go to school tomorrow; yay! =)