---
id: 54
title: hiatus
date: 2003-06-28T01:14:38+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "54"
permalink: /?p=54
---
I haven't written in awhile, have I? Well, I guess that's because I've been pretty busy.. lots of things to accomplish. I started swimming recently. Haven't done that in; oh; four years? Totally kills my energy for the rest of the day. It feels good though! Even though I'm getting my butt kicked by this other girl, who can swim non-stop. I have to take breaks every two lengths. I hope I get better soon. =p
  
  
I was so tired today that I ended up taking a 1 hour nap and a 3 hour nap, so a total of four extra hours of sleep today. Wasted day, but I feel so refreshed and awake!
  
  
There was a ccf bbq today, and it was a lot of fun, especially since I got to meet a lot of different people, and even though Lue got into a minor accident, everything was okay in the end. =) I prayed for the rainclouds to go away, and they did! hurrah! =) Anyhow, it's good that I got more of a chance to practice on my guitar. I really need to learn to play that thing, especially since I spent so much on it.
  
  
I also got to drive a Prelude today, and learned to drive standard.. it's such a sweeeeeet car, I think I'll get one, when I have money. =) Standard is a lot of fun, even though my left leg was quivering like mad from the adrenaline. I stalled it once, and it made this horrible grinding noise, but on the whole it was a good experience. I did okay, too; only stalled the car twice. heh; I hope the car was okay.. =)
  
  
Anna's a better starter than I am, but I can stop a WHOLE lot better. =)
  
  
Okay, back to my 342 assignment; till next time!