---
id: 67
title: photos of vbs are up!
date: 2003-08-15T17:48:43+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "67"
permalink: /?p=67
---
Well, the photos of VBS have been posted, although they are a bit big. Some of them are still in RAW format, so I have to convert it. Anyway, the power outage caught us seconds after the end of VBS on Thursday, making it next to impossible to see in the basement. I talked to a director, asking to move the kids upstairs/outside, to be picked up, but instead, we moved ALL the children into a tiny, narrow corridor. Imagine 60 screaming children crammed into a tiny little hallway! It was a nightmare, and they couldn't go outside due to dehydration concerns. After a few minutes, I got the bright idea to fire up my laptop, and lo and behold, there was The Little Mermaid, in DivX format, waiting to be played. So I captured about 25 of the kids, and about 20 were picked up, and we were crammed into this tiny hallway watching this tiny laptop screen, with minumal sound. YAY! At least I thinned them out a bit. 

We then moved to the sanctuary (where I have a few photos of them all watching the screen) and they were all quiet, since the movie was sooooo quiet ( i need better speakers fir my laptop! ). Anyway, the photos are up, and for evening, a few people from our University fellowship met up for some singing, and candlelight boggle. We also went outside to look at stars and play in the park in the dark. Gorgeous night sky, without light pollution. It was incredible. I saw a shooting star! =) And you could almost make out the milky way.

I hear we'll be out of power again soon, so I better sign off;