---
id: 72
title: serenaded
date: 2003-09-19T12:54:47+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "72"
permalink: /?p=72
---
I think one of the best ways to be woken up is to have someone sing you awake. I mean, wouldn't it be amazing to be serenaded awake every day? That would be the best alarm clock ever! Well, today I was awoken (albeit unintentionally) by someone singing. It turned out to be Jasy practicing for her audition, but still, it was enjoyable. =) She was singing &#8220;His Eye is on the Sparrow&#8221;, a really touching song that I first heard at KWCAC, sung by Clara. The lyrics really drive home the point that we don't have to worry or be anxious about anything, since God is watching over our every action. I don't think Jasy caught the irony in her worrying about her audition while singing this song. I think that you'll appreciate the lyrics though:
  


**His Eye is on the Sparrow**

Why should I feel discouraged, why should the shadows come,
  
  
Why should my heart be lonely, and long for heaven and home,
  
  
When Jesus is my portion? My constant friend is He:
  
  
His eye is on the sparrow, and I know He watches me;
  
  
His eye is on the sparrow, and I know He watches me.

Refrain
  
  
_I sing because I’m happy,
  
  
I sing because I’m free,
  
  
For His eye is on the sparrow,
  
  
And I know He watches me._

“Let not your heart be troubled,” His tender word I hear,
  
  
And resting on His goodness, I lose my doubts and fears;
  
  
Though by the path He leadeth, but one step I may see;
  
  
His eye is on the sparrow, and I know He watches me;
  
  
His eye is on the sparrow, and I know He watches me.

_Refrain_

Whenever I am tempted, whenever clouds arise,
  
  
When songs give place to sighing, when hope within me dies,
  
  
I draw the closer to Him, from care He sets me free;
  
  
His eye is on the sparrow, and I know He watches me;
  
  
His eye is on the sparrow, and I know He watches me.

_Refrain_