---
id: 49
title: hip hop, reprise
date: 2003-06-05T02:40:18+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "49"
permalink: /?p=49
---
So, I've been conscripted into the ranks of the CCF Coffee House hip-hop team. I am SO unsure of myself, it is not even funny. The performance is in TWO days! and I have another performance to practice for. I am sleep deprived, exhausted, and hungry. And yet life has never been more fun. =) I should've given up games LONG ago. The amount of recovered time is incredible. One of my CS assignment is completely done, and the next one is started. It's just amazing. =) 

Back to hip hop, tonite was pretty intense. There were a lot of moves to learn, and a lot of physical exertion. I \*did\* discover that I still have my abs; even though they're buried beneath a &#8220;protective coating&#8221;, the ab crunches and warmp-up excercises gave me no trouble at all. =) The rest of it though, the sequencing and rolling, was a bit out of my league. After extra practice sessions, I think I'm more sure, but I definitely need more time, which I DON'T have. Everything is so packed together this term. I don't know how I'll survive next term, with both OS and Algorithms. 

Oh, and while we're on the topic of dance, the slow waltz is awesome. =) Using the basic steps of the waltz, you can make a crazy dance, with rotations and pivots, and it's just a heck of a lot of fun. =) I recommend everyone take it! Just ask me if you want to see the steps! Okies, brain is starting to shut down, since sleep pattern went 6 - 3 - 6 hours, for the past 3 days.  
g'nite, all!