---
id: 20
title: random rants and updates
date: 2003-03-14T12:41:51+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "20"
permalink: /?p=20
---
Something that _really_ annoys me is having people on my MSN list (icq doesn't seem to have this problem) with HUGE nicknames, in which they state anything from their life story, to their current thoughts, to their favourite colour of the minute. Why do people have this urge to write essays as their names? Nicknames are nothing more than identifiers, and it is impossible to IM people who either change their nicknames on an hourly basis, and/or use long paragraphs as their nicknames.

I decided to check out a new blog site, called [hongx.net](http://test.hongx.net/home.php?user=zhakrynn), suggested by steph, just to see what it's all about. It's pretty decent, actually, the guy put a lot of work into it. It's basically got all the features that I want, but am too lazy to implement myself, haha. I doubt I'll be switching anytime soon, but a good source of ideas nevertheless. I recommend it to people who want to try blogging for the first time. 

I went to a .NET seminar last night, and it was pretty good. The most interesting thing there was a demonstration of Rotor CLI Shared Source. This is something that lets you compile a c# program on one OS (say freeBSD), and move it to another OS (say windows XP) and execute it fine, natively. I was absolutely blown away! Of course, these are the only two OSes that are supported so far, but since the source is freely availiable, anyone can write an implementation of this. The other great thing last night was the tablet pc. Every single time I see this demoed, I want it more and more. I mean seriously, last night I was considering selling my laptop (which I just got like a term ago) to buy a tablet pc. I must be insane! 

I mentioned an upgrade in the title. This is not so much a visible upgrade as a background upgrade; Each blog now stores its title. This means that there will be no more multi-subject blogs (after this one, at least!). This is in preparation for the creation of an RSS feed from my website, so you can read headlines, although I'm not sure why you'd want to. =) Anyways, that's what I've been up to lately.