---
id: 25
title: resnet idiocy, pt 1
date: 2003-03-22T12:04:45+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "25"
permalink: /?p=25
---
Because I am living in Mackenzie King Village next term, I have to sign up for resNet, since there isn't an option and it's bundled into housing costs. I heard a rumour last term about certain ports, like 27015 and 6112 (for the uninitiated, counterstrike and battle.net) being blocked. This is unacceptable, so I decided to find out more. After emailing the resnet office, I was confronted with a guy who obviously had no idea what he was doing. Conversation thread below, comments in bold:

&#8212;- Original Message &#8212;-
  
  
From: &#8220;Joseph Wong&#8221;
  
  
To: reshelp@admmail.uwaterloo.ca
  
  
Sent: Wednesday, March 19, 2003 11:26 AM
  
  
Subject: resnet port blocking?

I heard rumours of resnet blocking certain ports, like 27015, and I was
  
  
wondering if this was true and still in effect? Thanks for your help.

&#8212;-Original Message&#8212;-
  
  
From: reshelp
  
  
Sent: March 21, 2003 9:09 AM
  
  
To: Joseph Wong
  
  
Subject: Re: resnet port blocking?

Hi there..Yes at one time we did, But they are no longer blocked just put
  
  
into a slower quew.

Thanks
  
  
Jeff Sturm
  
  
ResNet

**Nothing wrong with that, perfectly reasonable, except the spelling**

&#8212;- Original Message &#8212;-
  
  
From: &#8220;Joseph Wong&#8221;
  
  
To: &#8220;reshelp&#8221; reshelp@uwaterloo.ca
  
  
Sent: Friday, March 21, 2003 9:51 AM
  
  
Subject: RE: resnet port blocking?

Can you tell me which ports are in a slower queue, and how much slower this
  
  
queue is?

&#8212;-Original Message&#8212;-
  
  
From: reshelp [mailto:reshelp@uwaterloo.ca]
  
  
Sent: March 21, 2003 11:46 AM
  
  
To: Joseph Wong
  
  
Subject: Re: resnet port blocking?

Hi there..Sorry I don,t have that kind of information. If you into CS you
  
  
should have np ..All though your ping will be a little higher then ussual.
  
  
It should still work fine. Better then being blocked entirely..

Thanks
  
  
Jeff Sturm
  
  
ResNet and TFC lover!!!

**I swear, this guy sounds like a student, or at least someone who spends waaaay too much time on the net, but his email is adm.mail, so he's definately an administrator**

&#8212;- Original Message &#8212;-
  
  
From: &#8220;Joseph Wong&#8221; <joseph.wong@na.whiteclarkegroup.com>
  
  
To: &#8220;reshelp&#8221; <reshelp@uwaterloo.ca>
  
  
Sent: Friday, March 21, 2003 11:53 AM
  
  
Subject: RE: resnet port blocking?

Hmm.. Thanks for your help! Do you know anyone who would have this
  
  
information, i.e. a Network Administrator, or an IST technician? As a
  
  
future user of ResNet, I'd like to know what exactly I am getting for my
  
  
$75.
  
  
Thanks again!

~Joseph

p.s. TFC rocks!

**nothing wrong with that, right? just trying to be nice, perhaps; I don't even \*play\* TFC. But yeah, reasonable request to find out what I'm paying for**