---
id: 74
title: attachment patterns
date: 2003-10-02T11:38:36+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "74"
permalink: /?p=74
---
So, I'm learning about how people are attached to their peers in my psych class, and I come across these three:

**securely attached**: I find it relatively easy to get close to others and I am comfortable depending on them and having them depend on me. I don't often worry about being abandoned or about someone getting to close to me.

**anxiously attached**: I find that others are reluctant to get as close as I would like. I often worry that my partner doesn't really love me or won't stay with me. I want to merge completely with another person, and this desire sometimes scares people away.

**avoidantly attached**:I am somewhat uncomfortable being close to others; I find it difficult to trust them completely, difficult to allow myself to depend on them. I am nervous when anyone gets too close, and often, love partners want me to be more intimate than I feel comfortable being.

Fascinating stuff, this psych 354 class. I'm a mix of secure and anxious, I think. What are you? Keep in mind that all these descriptions are extremes. Anyway, midterm in T-minus 3 hours. Must keep reading!

\*UPDATED\* Done exam. Ugh, that wasn't fun. Everyone thought it was hard, and there were MANY ambiguous questions. Anyway, about the above attachment styles, the interesting thing to note is that there are two combinations that lead to the longest lasting relationships. #1 is obviously secure-secure, where both partners depend on each other and _trust_ each other. The other, surprisingly, is avoidant-anxious. Essentially, one person expects the other to try to avoid attachment, and anxiously tries to prevent that, so the avoidant person fulfills that expectation exactly. A classic example of this is the super-clingy female with the emotionless, detached male. Interesting, huh? a relationship which is unsatisfactory for both partners may last longer than a relationship that is rewarding for both, all because the partners have too much invested already in the relationship (looking at the situation using an extreme social-exchange theory)

I'm learning a lot, I hope I can remember and apply! =)