---
id: 51
title: lullaby
date: 2003-06-13T15:00:00+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "51"
permalink: /?p=51
---
&#8220;Golden slumbers kiss your eyes
  
   
smiles await you when you rise&#8221;

Thinking things through has never been my forte, and clearly, I was NOT thinking when I decided to set my &#8220;alarm song&#8221; (the one that plays to wake me up) to be Mozart's Lullaby. This was especially dumb, since the lyrics go like this: &#8220;Go to sleep, go to sleep ;&#8221; I heard that and I thought &#8220;okay!&#8221; and so didn't wake for another 2 hours. So the next day, I decide to set my next days alarm to Brahms lullaby, thinking that if I raise the volume enough, it'll be okay. DEAD WRONG! Two hours late again! sigh;
  
  
This is not a good week.
  
  
Yesterday I went to King St. Trio, for bp's graduation party. What fun! =) They have these automatic hand towel dispensers! I had so much fun with them! I think I wasted a lot of paper though; ah well. Dinner was nice too, some good salmon, and good potatoes. I felt full, even though it didn't seem like there was that much food. Maybe I'm losing my touch! =/
  
  
I met bp's &#8220;other&#8221; yesterday, as well her sister. They're both cool people, and its nice that they're hanging around for awhile. Too bad they live so far away from the center of the known universe. But they'll get to do some sightseeing around here next week, I think, and it'll be good for them to come back to civilization for awhile. =D

Must go to do some work. Midterm on monday. Concurrency. Ugly.