---
id: 24
title: resnet idiocy, pt 2
date: 2003-03-22T12:03:36+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "24"
permalink: /?p=24
---
&#8212;-Original Message&#8212;-
  
  
From: reshelp [mailto:reshelp@uwaterloo.ca]
  
  
Sent: March 21, 2003 12:30 PM
  
  
To: Joseph Wong
  
  
Subject: Re: resnet port blocking?

Hi there..ResNet is free to all residence students. Where you got 75 from is
  
  
confusing to me. I must warn you . We are very strict when it comes to
  
  
bandwidth usage and downloading of copyrighted material. If your cought you
  
  
will be disconnected. So if you need to use up loads of bandwidth were
  
  
telling students to get rogers. Cause here you only get 500 meg a week.
  
  
Should you go over that limit your will be constrained and when your in
  
  
constrained mode its almost impossible to get your assignments online. So
  
  
use your bandwidth wisely. Your here to learn not play games or dload
  
  
copyrighted material. UofW is very strict about this kind of activity..
  
  
Just thought you should be forewarned as I am the one who disconnects users
  
  
for such violations. Getting back online after breaking the rules isn,t as
  
  
easy as you might think depending on the reason. In some cases you can be
  
  
permanently disconnected for the remainder of your time here at uofw, not
  
  
just for the term. I suggest you read our policies and take them to heart.
  
  
Cause we do.

Thanks
  
  
Jeff Sturm
  
  
ResNet

**what did I do!?!? he gets all defensive, basically threatening me with stuff, and yah. not answering the question at all. So I remain civil (maybe he's just been indoctrinated? and give this response:**

&#8212;- Original Message &#8212;-
  
  
From: &#8220;Joseph Wong&#8221; <joseph.wong@na.whiteclarkegroup.com>
  
  
To: &#8220;reshelp&#8221; <reshelp@uwaterloo.ca>
  
  
Sent: Friday, March 21, 2003 12:47 PM
  
  
Subject: RE: resnet port blocking?

From the housing webpage:
  
  
&#8220;Come this September, increased ResNet fees will be mandatory for all
  
  
students in UW residences. The residence networking fee will increase 50
  
  
percent from $50 to $75 for students living in Village I, Ron Eydt Village
  
  
(REV), William Lyon Mackenzie King Village, UW Place and Grebel and St.
  
  
Paul's Colleges.&#8221;

relevant link: http://archive.uwstudent.org/story/2218

The resnet fee of $75 is bundled into the cost of residence.

And getting back to my prior question, could you put me in touch with anyone
  
  
who would know exactly what the limits imposed on ports, and which ports
  
  
they are placed on?
  
  
Thanks for any help you can offer.

Joseph Wong

**and response:** 

&#8212;-Original Message&#8212;-
  
  
From: reshelp [mailto:reshelp@uwaterloo.ca]
  
  
Sent: March 21, 2003 1:36 PM
  
  
To: Joseph Wong
  
  
Subject: Re: resnet port blocking?

Hi there..Sorry but we will not give out that kind of info..If we did then
  
  
this would give all students the power to aim there programs threw unblocked
  
  
ports. So in essence no I don,t have a list of ports and no I donot know who
  
  
would give them to you anyhow..So sorry ..I can,t help you on this issue. No
  
  
one here ever asks about that unless there planning on going around blocked
  
  
ports.

Jeff Sturm
  
  
ResNet.

So, basically I am not allowed to know what ports are slow, and not only that, I am accused (implicitly, but the accusation is there) of attempting to &#8220;cheat&#8221; UW, by going around port restrictions that _aren't even declared!_ Nowhere on any IST or resnet website does it say that there are restricted ports, and they present ResNet as a competitor/alternative to other internet providers, which DO clearly state their policies. It is unacceptable for UW to behave in such a restrictive and unilateral manner, forcing a resNet connection, and then restricting it, secretly. I should have a right to know what I am paying for! Grr;. I'm going to take this as far up as I can go.