---
id: 8
date: 2003-02-07T15:31:31+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "8"
permalink: /?p=8
---
_the words we speak - Eph 4_  
This afternoon, a friend sent me a bible study that he had written. It hit me so hard that I just had to write about it. It talked about how we should &#8220;not let any unwholesome talk come out of [our] mouths&#8221;. I had read this before, but as I thought about the words that I speak, I noticed that they are not always as pure or &#8220;helpful for building others up&#8221; as they should be. More and more, my family members have commented about how cutting my words are, how little warmth there is in my speech, and how little I seem to care about them. As I sit here thinking now, I cannot justify to myself that my words in any way honour God. A friend once commented that she expected a Christian's words to be pure, that she was surprised at the words that came out of my mouth so easily. I was guilty of tarnishing the reputation of Christ, all because I felt that it was my &#8220;freedom&#8221; to speak certain words, and for that, I must beg forgiveness from that person, and from God.

I love singing. I especially love singing praises to God. But how can I stand before God, and have both what is praiseworthy to God, and what is abhorrent to God come out of the very same mouth, and according to Jesus, the very same heart? ([Luke 6:45](http://www.biblegateway.com/cgi-bin/bible?language=english&#038;version=NIV&#038;passage=luke+6%3A45)) From the heart to the mouth flows either what is Good, or what is Evil, and they cannot coexist. In the heart of a Christian, there must be no malice, no anger, no bitterness, and no selfishness. Instead, there must be compassion, gentleness, kindness, and love. In essence, Christ's heart and our hearts must act the same, look the same, _be_ the same. Without that, our praises are trash, and we are hypocrites in our worship, trying to cover the filth with dead rose petals.