---
id: 66
title: what a day!
date: 2003-08-14T04:44:10+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "66"
permalink: /?p=66
---
I actually intended to post yesterday, but I slept for a loooooooong time; and so I'm late, but anyway:

The past two days have been hectic, from the massive chaos of moving out (despite only moving two blocks) to g.y.'s surprise birthday party serenade. =) But anyway, I shall start from the beginning.
  
  
It all started on Monday, when I began to move out of my house, intending to leave for Toronto at 2pm on Tuesday. I was roughly 90-95% done moving by about 6 pm on monday, thanks to a LOT of help from a friend, and so I decided to chill out, and help another friend pack, and I left at roughly 2 am. Then I headed on back home, to shower. 

After that, I walked in on the seagram boys, gaming all night ( I have photos too! ) and talked to Gen, who needed a ride to church, so I promised him one and left it at that. Slept at around 4:30 am? and then woke up at 8 to drive to church, and watch all those people helping out with vbs! Hah, those four on stage were SO good. =) When I left church, I drove home to take a short nap, but ended up waking up at 2:30 pm!! (recall that I was supposed to leave at 2) So now, I am not close to leaving, panicking, moving everything as fast as I can, till 3:30 pm, at which point I realise that I lost my wallet sometime in the above paragraph. I call home, and my mom tells me to search for the wallet, and call her when I'm done, so I continue moving everything, and retracing my steps, and I'm done everything, with wallet found, about 8:30 pm, at which point it's too dark to go back (says mom). Nothing left to do but have dinner and chill out with Er, who is studying for Linear Algebra, right? WRONG! 

At 10 pm, i get a call to discover that it's GY's birthday, and that I have to get a cake and call up all sorts of people, since everyone else is too busy/lazy to do it. =p Oh well, I didn't mind the chance to play social co-ordinator for the night. Anyway, I grabbed a cake from Sobey's, and head off to Jos's place, where EVERYONE who's still in waterloo is hangin' out. Somehow, we get the bright idea to serenade GY from outside, and it was very entertaining, I'm sure. =) Our plan had a few design flaws though; especially since none of us can read in the dark? Anyway, cake was good, and party was fun. I ran into E during the party, and decided to start baking cookies, despite the fact that it was 1 in the morning! Grabbed all the ingredients from 252, and then drove back to MKV, since the facilities are so much better there. =) The cookies turned out very well, albeit a bit sweet (we used both dark and white chcolate chips). Jes was asleep by then, so we broke into his house and left some by his door; and then I left a little present for Er. =) By the time I'm asleep, it's 4:30 am on Wednesday morning, and I'm TIRED! 

Woke up at 10:30, drove back to Toronto, got recruited as a VBS (Vacation Bible School) singspiration leader for my church, and headed back home to SLEEP! Napped from 5-6, ate dinner;. and then headed BACK to bed for more sleep! and now, it's 4:30 am, and I just woke up. Ah well, a few hours to myself, and then it's back to church for more vbs! Our theme is 3-2-1 penguins, and it's really fun! and the kids are SO CUTE! I guess I'll post some photos; =) 

And that's the end of my hectic move out. The long sleep helped though, so I'm pretty refreshed. And I FIXED the edit function on this weblog! YAY!