---
id: 17
date: 2003-02-27T14:22:34+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "17"
permalink: /?p=17
---
&#60;?xml version=&#8221;1.0&#8243; encoding=&#8221;ISO-8859-1&#8243;?&#62;
  
&#60;blog:title=&#8221;Today&#8221;&#62;
  
&#60;rant&#62;
  
I am so bored at work, I've decided to change my bloggin' stylez. Today's blog will be written in XML.&#60;/rant&#62;
  
&#60;guitar&#62;
  
After a few hours of practice yesterday, I finally managed to play the first verse of &#8220;God of Wonders&#8221;. Playing guitar is a LOT harder than I first thought, and it is even harder when you are teaching yourself. =P The main problem I have is strumming; since I am not good at multi-tasking, fingering the notes and strumming in a decent pattern is currently beyond my abilities. I think that I am incapable of doing two separate things with my hands. They always want to mimic each other. Anyways, I think the deadline for this song has been pushed back, since the fellowship program of skating will require no singspiration (woohoo!) and so no one will have to endure my pitiful attempts at playing the song.
  
&#60;/guitar&#62;
  
&#60;speed&#62;  
In my quest for toboggan superiority, I have come to the conclusion that no ordinary store-purchased kiddy toboggan will satisfy my desire for speed. No, only a toboggan of my own making will achieve the required velocity. Having said that, the next step is to find a place with old skiis, in order to use as runners. I wonder if ski resorts will have single skiis that they don't need anymore. Anyhow, this project will likely be undertaken during the summer, when I have more free time to do such things. =)   
Check back then for updates, as I will be creating a page devoted to this new Ve-hicle
  
&#60;/speed&#62;
  
&#60;/blog&#62;