---
id: 124
title: introspect
date: 2004-11-23T01:04:17+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "124"
permalink: /?p=124
---
Over the past few days/weeks/months, I've been thinking about my future. It's just dawned on me that my stint in University is just about finished. Just when you think you know all the tricks, you've figured out your place in the world; you're rudely ejected from the seat you've been sitting in for four or five years. Some try to climb back in, taking years of graduate studies; but I don't think that's for me. Even visiting ccf/university while on work term, I had the distinct feeling that I didn't belong, that CCF was now in the hands of the younger generation while I was merely an observer. Next term, I think I'll be taking a much less active role, especially as I reassess my priorities and goals. Events over the past few days have made me think about what I hold dear, what is important to me. Introspection has never come easy for me, as I find it difficult to examine myself.. my mind tends to wander. Most, if not all actions stem from these goals and priorities, and by observing peoples' (or your own) behaviour, you can sort of get a general idea of your goals and priorities. My list has often shifted, but it's at this stage of my life that I think it's the most in-balance. I've felt the closeness of God, through the time I've spent with Him. Through devotions and prayer, I've felt his reassuring comfort. Actually, I've never felt closer to Him, and I have really been enjoying that. I've felt the closeness of friends and family, from unexpected gifts and surprises to the joyous experiences of helping others with another. The feeling that I could most often use to describe how I feel is contentment, despite the odd bouts of innner turmoil that have plagued me over the past few weeks. Though I had more than a few things on my mind, especially the past week, I am content with where God has put me, right now, and where He has put everyone around me. I am glad that He has given me friendships with so many unique perspectives, so that I can learn from those around me. Although I cannot know what the future holds, I will trust in Him to provide, to challenge, to build up, and bring me closer and closer to Him.