---
id: 88
title: Urbana pt. 2
date: 2004-01-02T02:46:56+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "88"
permalink: /?p=88
---
Going into Urbana, I thought that I would spend the majority of my time learning about small groups, and fellowships, and practical knowledge like that. Maybe some good worship sessions, a lot of singing, nothing too life-changing. Instead, God brought me face to face with Him, and His light just illumined all the idols that were in place between me and him. From entitlement and materialism to pride and relationships, God showed me a lot. Honestly, it overwhelmed me. It was like moving from conviction to conviction. &#8220;;.in humility, consider others better than yourselves.&#8221; I often act and think like I am superior to others, and I know that it shows. God's message was clear here. Everyone around me was made in the very image of God! Considered beautiful and perfect by Him. Who am I to think them less? Pride is rampant in my life, infecting many of the things that I do. This was the idol of self.
  
  
Thankfully, that wasn't the end of God's message. God reached down and showed me what His love was like, what His forgiveness was like. God's message to me was that He could forgive all that I had done, if only I asked, and more than that. If I placed Him on the throne of my life, He would do so much more. 

<p align="center">
  Once Jehovah wrote in stone<br /> <br />His fiery finger etched the rock<br /> <br />In lithic letters, &#8220;I alone<br /> <br />I am the Lord, and THOU SHALT NOT!&#8221;
</p>

But now He writes with human hand
  
  
In sand upon the temple floor
  
  
In words my heart can understand,
  
  
&#8220;I don't condemn, go sin no more.&#8221;

He showed me through the many seminars and workshops what His heart looked like, how His heart ached for the lost. At the heart of every talk I listened to, every word and verse, God's message was clear. Live sent. Live like I was sent, by God! Not act, not show, not &#8220;switch into evangelism mode&#8221;, but to LIVE like I was sent by God. I have to share this incredible message that God has given to me. I can't keep it for myself, cause it will just stagnate. I MUST share it, in word, and deed.

&#8220;the question is not how much of my money I am giving to God, but how much of God's money, I am keeping for myself.&#8221; It struck me how different this way of looking at things is. Whenever I am not working in the service of God's kingdom, I am essentially taking from God's pool of resources, and using it for myself, for earthly things. I commited to giving God what He rightfully deserves, and not witholding for myself. I hope and pray that God will continue to prompt me constantly of this promise that I have made to Him. I need His help, and I need your prayers.

I'll end with this final quote from Urbana;.&#8221;Now to Him who is able to keep you from falling, and to present you without blemish in the presence of His glory with rejoicing, to the only God, our saviour, through Jesus Christ, be glory, majesty, dominion and authority, before all time, now and forever, Amen!&#8221;