---
id: 103
title: sleepless in waterloo
date: 2004-06-13T01:49:05+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "103"
permalink: /?p=103
---
I can't sleep. Not because I have any things of great import on my mind, but because I took a nap earlier on Waiki's couch to the sounds of Team Fortress Classic. Anyway, today was a busy day, with sports taking up the majority of it. Three hours of badminton coupled with two hours of tennis makes for a really tired and aching body. At least I can burn away some of this evil fatness. I started playing more badminton because I found a partner for the upcoming tournament, so I need to be at least minimally play-worthy. I haven't been back home in awhile, and I'm not feeling the homesickness yet (if I ever will). I guess I feel sort of disconnected from my Toronto life. It's really strange, it's like I have two separate lives, each with its own set of friends, tasks, priorities, and worries. Coupled with an imminent graduation, my life's about to be thrown into chaos in short order.

I really have no idea how to reconcile these two disparate segments of my life, and I don't think I'll ever be able to. Fortunately (or unfortunately), one of these segments is about to disappear. That perhaps is the scariest thought, since these past four years in Waterloo have been the highlight of my life. I've made so many friends, many of which have made a permanent impression on my life, heart, and values. I don't want to leave, and yet I do, if that makes any sense at all. Perhaps an analogy will help; it's kind of like a swing. Riding the swing was wonderful, it felt like I was able to touch the sky, the feeling was incredible. Freedom like I've never felt in my life, and a plethora of experiences, up and down, pleasant and painful, contributed to an unbelievable swing ride. However, all that swinging, all that effort, and you're still in the same place. It's not until you take that jump off the swing that you can actially go somewhere, use all that momentum that you've acquired from the swing. Jumping off isn't easy; it's scary, and often painful, especially if you fall. But you have to do it, in order to go somewhere, to make a difference in the world. Every step of the way, the father, my Father, will be there, guiding and protecting me.