---
id: 97
title: engine upgrade
date: 2004-02-26T17:34:34+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "97"
permalink: /?p=97
---
It seems that the blogosphere is getting more and more high tech; from [technorati](http://www.technorati.com), which tracks your online &#8220;cosmos&#8221; (inbound and outbound blog links) to rss feeds (which I have recently repaired and made availiable for this site [here](http://www.regularxpression.com/weblog/rss/rx.xml)), technology, both necessary and unnecessary has been exploding within the blogging community. The latest fad to hit the blogging scene is trackback, which allows you to essentially remotely post comments on other people's website, in the form of a blog. To feed my hunger to be on the bleeding edge of technology, I've implemented the basics of sending trackback pings, and this post is actually to test if my code works. Trackback is a neat idea, but like RSS, I think it'll begin to consume huge amounts of bandwidth. If major sites start doing this, then the paradigm of the web transferring data while its users are reading (and thus conserving bandwidth) will begin to break down. With so much traffic streaming back and forth, eventually our internet will be bogged down by information, and we'll begin to see a global slowdown in the net. I guess that's why they're speeding up our transfer rates. I just read an article about this guy who can stream about 100 dvds real-time with his net connection! I guess that's the way it's always been; software technology exceeds the limits of hardware technology, and hardware technology advances another order of magnitude, and then advancement is stalled until software again starts maxing out the hardware, and so on, in an eternal leapfrog of technological advancement. Wonder where it'll stop. =p