---
id: 126
title: here we are again..
date: 2004-12-20T18:04:02+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "126"
permalink: /?p=126
---
; at the end of another term. I've been here before, at the end of a work term, and yet I haven't. Not like this. The milestones that I had set up have all been reached, and I feel a bit confused as to where to go from here. So much looks the same, and yet so much has changed. My mind, thoughts, and schedule have all been flipped on their heads, spun around, tossed into the air, and thrown back into the spots that they were in, looking for all the world like nothing happened to them, yet with their innards still whirling. So many events and experiences, and yet their effects are all within me. Hidden behind each person's outward appearance is a morass of thoughts, experiences, beliefs, and desires. And yet, much of that is never revealed. Extreme pressures will force them to the surface, but for the majority of a person's life, they will lie dormant and unrevealed. As I sit here on the cusp of another life stage, I find myself still wondering what paths I should choose. With my imminent graduation drawing nearer and nearer, I feel that I am beginning to see beyond the rigid (but safe) structures laid down for me by family, friends, and society. After graduation, it's like life really begins. What you are after graduation is what you've chosen to become, the interactions of self and environment, and all the touches of the divine. Every moment of those interactions is precious, as recent events have reminded me. Savour the moments that you have to be touched and changed, and use those opportunities to improve yourself, your knowledge, your character. You never know when you will no longer have that option. While I have the chance, I want to touch as many lives as I can, returning the favours that others have done for me.