---
id: 113
title: sleepless in TO
date: 2004-09-29T02:59:15+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "113"
permalink: /?p=113
---
Again, I find myself unable to find solace in the soft blankets of my comfy bed,but this time because I am too excited about something. I can't tell you what it is, but I can tell you about my weekend. =) It started off with me leading worship for fellowship, a pitiable rendition of &#8220;House of the Lord&#8221; (the only song I know how to play on guitar), but we had a good bible study nonetheless on the parable of the Talents. Saturday was a painfully early drive to waterloo to catch breakfast with an old friend (old as of CS 342 and late night coding). Then, off on a whirlwind tour of pretty much every single bookstore in waterloo, along with an interesting encounter with a text to speech machine. Surprisingly, the total amount I spent on books was a tiny fraction of the total amount I spent;. most of which was devoured by three CDs. I picked up a perl book for $0.95. What a steal! I highly recommend both the [KW Bookstore](http://www.kwbookstore.on.ca/) and [Casablanca Books](http://www.casabooks.com/), both of which are incredible places to purchase usedAmPks on a variety of topics including religion, technology, and even plain old science fiction.

I recently picked up a book on Christian Ethics, an insightful look into many of the &#8220;grey areas&#8221; of Christian living. So far it's an interesting read, and it sort of sounds like a well written textbook. Feel free to ask to borrow it from me!

Anyway, I think I should give my pillow another chance. Otherwise, I'll fall asleep at work. again. which would be bad.

Update: I'll know by the end of tomorrow.
  
  
Update 2: Nothing yet;. guess I have to wait till monday.
  
  
Update 3: Tentative no as of 3:30 pm Tuesday
  
  
Update 4: Probably get to go. =)