---
id: 96
title: spending time with kids
date: 2004-02-24T14:27:40+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "96"
permalink: /?p=96
---
As I was traversing the net today, I came across the following [article](http://www.scienceblog.com/community/modules.php?name=News&#038;file=article&#038;sid=2349):
  
  
&#8220;Research shows that children under the age of eight are unable to critically comprehend televised advertising messages and are prone to accept advertiser messages as truthful, accurate and unbiased. This can lead to unhealthy eating habits as evidenced by today's youth obesity epidemic. For these reasons, a task force of the American Psychological Association (APA) is recommending that advertising targeting children under the age of eight be restricted.&#8221;

Isn't that scary? I mean, the sheer volume of ridiculous claims that television innudates us with daily; unbelievable. Even to discerning adults, television tries to lull us into a more receptive, passive state so that we will be more willing to accept advertiser's messages to buy more stuff! &#8220;Eat more food!&#8221; &#8220;Vote for me!&#8221; Unbelievable, the level of garbage that may get past our mental filters when we are sitting passively waiting for our next show. However, there is a deeper problem today. More and more, parents are using television as a babysitter. I often hear of times when busy parents tell their kids to watch tv when they don't want to be bothered. It's a quick fix kind of solution, that is ultimately unhealthy for both the parent and the child. Parents must be more active to build relationships with their children, especially when so young! I understand why it's so easy to fall into this trap, though, since the action (sending your kid to watch tv) is immediately positively reinforced (quiet/unbothered time). Long term though, it's a vicious cycle of greater separation. I think that when I start a family, I'll only have one tv (hopefully a projector!) and if my kids ever watch tv, I'll watch it with them. Same with internet. Otherwise, they'll just have to play with lego, as a tool for creativity, which isn't affected (much) by the kinds of problems that plague tv and internet.