---
id: 115
title: restless
date: 2004-10-16T01:39:26+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "115"
permalink: /?p=115
---
Well, today was an interesting time at fellowship. The whole time there, I couldn't sit still, and I know that I wasn't being very helpful to the discussion. Usually, what calms me down is the singspiration. The singing, the music, and the praise all helps me to focus on God and to prepare my mind for learning. However, now that I have been pushed into the position of singspiration leader, singspiration has turned from a source of relaxation and calm to a source of anguish and anxiety. Playing my guitar to lead a group of people to sing really attacks my nerves, especially since I'm such a fledgeling player. Today, I seriously considered resigning my position, but I think I'm going to talk it over with someone first. Singing comes naturally for me, which is why I can focus on God while putting out (I hope!) a decent tune. Tonite, though, all I focussed on were my fingers and the chords, and every single mistake I made. There was nothing there, not even a spark, no moment of connection with God. People were talking all the way up to the first line of the song, which didn't help at all. I guess I'm just really discouraged. 

I realise that I'm not a worship leader, and the role that I play usually is just backup singer. Like everything else, being a worship leader requires practice, but I can't practice two things at once. A close friend just suggested something that blew my mind; why not just focus on one thing? Do the worship leader role to the best of my abilities. I need time to think and pray about this. Thankfully, I have two weeks of break where I can let this simmer in my mind. After reading through the constitution, I realised that there is a _lot_ of responsibility here. All I know is that I can't do it alone.