---
id: 112
title: Trolling
date: 2004-09-24T14:51:11+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "112"
permalink: /?p=112
---
Last work term, I took a course about propositional and computational logic, CS245. The course itself was fairly interesting and moderately useful (especially for straightening out complex IF statements!) but the most interesting occurence happened near the end of term, on a newsgroup. If you didn't know, UW supplies newsgroups for courses to allow for discussion of class material, assignment clarification, and questions for TAs. When used correctly, they provide a great forum to discuss ideas. Last term, someone decided to abuse this resource and post inflamatory messages on the newsgroup. In this particular instance, the poster was a student living on campus in a UW residence, so it was a relatively easy matter to track him to his doorstep and post his room and phone number, as well as his real name. >:) That's when I first learned the term &#8220;[Trolling](http://www.urban75.com/Mag/troll.html)&#8220;. Trolling is, from the [interactive glossary of internet terms](http://www.walthowe.com/glossary/): 

&#8220;An outrageous message posted to a newsgroup or mailing list or message board to bait people to answer. Trolling is a form of harassment that can take over a discussion. Well meaning defenders can create chaos by responding to trolls.&#8221;

My irritation at the fact that someone would actually do this provided the impetus to track him down, but back to the matter at hand. I was thinking today, and I realised that trolling doesn't have to happen on a newsgroup. Have you ever talked to someone, trying to discuss an important issue, and have the conversation degenerate into mindless, logicless babble? These people start making up the most unrelated reasonings, talking about things that serve no purpose except to annoy you. From the above link (a guide to trolling), 

_&#8220;Drag them off-topic - the further off-topic the better. Remember, you are trying to waste their time. Never take sides - remember that your goal is not to win an argument, rather it is to provoke a futile one that runs forever. &#8220;_ 

Ever had a conversation that felt like that? I guess I'm just writing this post as a warning. Don't get dragged into talking to trolls. It wastes time and gives the troll satisfaction. Instead, just ignore the troll.