---
id: 98
title: IM and social interactions
date: 2004-03-09T14:00:31+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "98"
permalink: /?p=98
---
The explosion of IM (Instant Messaging) has been met with trepidation by those born before the internet revolution, and enthusiasm by those who have experienced its utility. There is no denying that IM is gaining a massive user base; in 2002, the number of active total IM users across the board (AIM, MSN, Yahoo, ICQ) hit 41 million. However, an entire generation is growing up with IM as their primary form of communication, and this may impact face-to-face and telephone conversations. 

The very nature of IM conversation often removes any need for small-talk and/or greetings/farewells. I realise that people who use IM as an activity unto itself may disagree, having entire conversations made up of purely small-talk, but I refer to the majority of users who use this as a way to communicate in the way that they would use a phone to communicate. As the article below suggests, logging into an IM client is a bit like walking into a room full of people who you have no reservations about interrupting. Like the internet model of packets, this allows you to have a perfectly reasonable one-on-one conversation with multiple people, at the same time. However, I've noticed a lot of times with various people, including myself, that this conversation style can leak into &#8220;real&#8221; conversations. When talking in a group, thoughts are often triggered by others' comments, and these thoughts are instantly injected into the conversation. This injection frequently happens with no regard for others' thought trains, interrupting them entirely. On occasion, I've had to consciously restrict words from coming out, realising that I'm interrupting after I've said half a syllable. This has made for some fairly interesting conversations, and I apologise to anyone who has been on the recieving end of a mono-syllabic exclamation.

In instant messaging, there is no interruption. People are allowed to complete their thoughts every time, allowing for profound consideration of what to say next. Messages are queued at the doorway, waiting to be given proper attention. Messages can happen at the speed of thought, sent as soon as they are conceived. This allows for a leisurely, yet fast paced communication, removing almost all possibility of being interrupted. However, when applied to real conversation, especially those who are unfamiliar with IM technology, these same principles quickly become annoyances, endless interruptions. Hopefully, the coming generation of IM can realise this and adapt more quickly than I have.

Inspired by [bit-tech:: I think, therefore IM](http://www.bit-tech.net/article/125/)