---
id: 91
title: 'Urbana pt. 5 - Commitments'
date: 2004-01-15T21:11:54+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "91"
permalink: /?p=91
---
Just when you thought it was over. =)
  
  
Everyone at Urbana filled out a decision card, basically highlighting and emphasising the commitments that people made during Urbana. This was done to serve as a reminder after the event was over. This is what I committed to do at Urbana:

</p> 

  * allow God to reign over my life, and to obey God's willl as taught in the Bible.


  * renounce my idols, including my sense of entitlement


  * renounce the idol of comfort and money, letting Jesus give me security, safety, and letting Him control my resources


  * witness, expressing God's reign over my life, and to obey God's will as taught in the bible


  * pray regularly for lost people, and to intentionally and regularly follow Jesus


  * to read the bible in one year
</ul> 

I find that my thinking is changed around, and I'm learning (albeit slowly) to look at everything in terms of God's kingdom. What does this mean? Well, my possessions are now at His service, and I find myself far more willing to give to help those around me. Also, my time is now spent in light of what it is accomplishing for God's kingdom. I find myself praying more, especially for my friends who have not yet found Christ, and for my fellow brothers and sisters, who are in different mission fields. Today, I was told (from a non-Christian's perspective) about the love and joy that believers share. I pray that we would continue in that tradition, showing love and joy to everyone we meet.