---
id: 101
title: Imperial Oil
date: 2004-05-18T02:52:28+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "101"
permalink: /?p=101
---
Before anyone asks, I had NO ulterior motives in volunteering for this thing. =p Anyway, last week I volunteered as a teaching assistant for the _Imperial Oil Seminar in Computer Science for Young Women_. I really had a blast, especially since one of my favourite things in the world to do is teach! It was really incredible working with bright young minds that were really honest-to-goodness willing to learn! In fact, one of my favourite students was so keen to learn that even though she selected the hardware lab option, (you had a choice between programming and hardware) she borrowed the lab book for programming and tried to work through it on her own! Of course, there were those that just wanted to get through it, and even those who had come just for a free vacation, but just working with the good students made it all worthwhile. I was so glad to have been given an opportunity to make a difference in these students' lives! 

Before you all think that the whole experience was rosy, let me tell you that it wasn't all peaches and cream. For one, the entire programming lab was done in tcl/tk, which I have used only once in my life, and then only for about a week! Here I was, supposed to be the all-knowing TA, but in actual fact not knowing anything at all, trying to figure out what the program was supposed to do from my vague knowledge of basic control structure format. It was a major struggle, especially with this one girl (one of the brilliant students I mentioned earlier) who kept skipping ahead because she was finished everything that everyone else was learning! Although it was great to see her working so quickly, it was very painful for me to try to trace through all the code she had written. Every single one of my &#8220;suggestions&#8221; were more like questions than hints. It was always &#8220;why don't you try that? oh, it didn't work. how about you put that there? hey, that did something. oops, it broke. okay, lets try that!&#8221; So much trial and error; haha. It's the only way to go! =) I bet that girl thought I was retarded; =) It's okay, I had a lot of fun. I'll be sure to post pictures later, when it's not 3 in the morning. 

Oooh, and one more CRAZY thing; one of the girls (one of the two that I befriended) goes to my old high school! She knows my old computer teacher and everything; talk about coincidence! Anyway, I should go to bed now, since I have an 8:30 class, every single day! =( Until next time..