---
id: 108
title: psycho
date: 2004-08-17T18:56:36+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "108"
permalink: /?p=108
---
I was looking through my shelf for things to throw out, and I found a book of my writings from 1995. I had forgotten all about this, but my dad went through this phase where he wanted me to stop reading so many books, so he made me write a report on every single book that I wanted to read. I think this is why I hated writing for so much of my life. I'm almost over it now (this blog is evidence enough of that), but my writing skills are severely underdeveloped. Anyway, this caused me immense pain, because back then I read almost as fast as I do now. 300-400 page novels could be finished in 2-3 hours, but writing a single page took me twice that long. As I wrote out everything that I thought, I needed space to fill, so I'd start rambling. Some of those ramblings are a little scary, especially when I read them now. I guess I was a psychotic kid when i was 13. A lot of times it just degenerated into gibberish, as well as straight copying from the text. I'm glad that those experiences didn't affect my love for reading, as I still devour fiction as voraciously as I did then. =) It's kind of sad, because so many parents wanted their kids to read more, and here were my parents wanting me to stop. Sigh. I hope I can be a good parent. I was actually thinking about this earlier today. Anything I want my kids to do, I will lead by example and explain why I'm doing it. As my parents have demonstrated time and time again, telling your children to do something while doing something totally different means that they'll ignore you, or best case they'll do it only when you're around. 

I guess that's enough for one rant, I should get back to cleaning my room, making space for my new ikea furniture. =)