---
id: 134
title: 'Snowboarding Lesson 5: Zen and the Art of Carving'
date: 2005-03-02T00:10:25+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "134"
permalink: /?p=134
---
So. You've tried it a few times, and now you're at the level where you can actually make it off the chairlift without wiping out every time. More often than not you make it down the hill without a major wipeout, just a few &#8220;meant to do that&#8221; easily-recoverable touch-and-go's. You've ended a snowboarding day without feeling like you've been mugged. Now what? With the ability to control the board against the force of gravity on a snow-and-ice medium, you're on that edge between order and chaos that Dick Gabriel was all excited about. While you may not choose to dress the way he does, you should at least be aware of the connection between that edge and spiritual enlightenment. Yes, you too can have the same aura of cool that surfers, martial artists, and big fat hairy geeks like Gabriel have. So refine the edge experience. Unless you're skidding, your snowboard should be on an edge. You should only be skidding if you're stopping or doing some kind of trick. Thus coming down the mountain you should always be on an edge. But you don't need a hard edge to have a well-carved turn. Do a few turns and then stop and look up at the trail you have left in the snow. The perfect carve is a sharp line forming a nice round &#8220;S&#8221; shape the whole way. If it looks like a &#8220;Z&#8221; or there are spots where it looks like someone bumped your elbow while you were drawing the line, then you were skidding. To achieve the perfect carve, grasshopper, lead with your centre. Both hands should be out front of the board (don't let one flap behind you like a fish tail). On a turn, you commit your centre (and hence your eyes, hands, shoulders) towards the bottom of the hill to start the carve downwards. Completing the turn, you return your centre to the carve line and the mountain in front of you: bring your hands around and let your legs cushion you, crouching down low, tiger. At the bottom of a curve you should be able to run your hands across the surface of the hill with ease. What about a shallow slope? Don't you have to run straight? Isn't it impossible to touch the ground there? Only if you're Scott. On the shallows you can broaden the curve (just as you shorten the curve on the steeps to control your speed) and apply less pressure to the edge. You should still be able to look and see the great curve at your back. Here's another tip for the shallows: if you torque the board (pressing one toe down and the other heel down) you will expose less of the leading edge but still get enough for a carve. It's also way more comfortable than doing a long traverse on a single edge. &#8220;When you do this-when you do battle with the duende-you might find a gift, a gift of talent or insight that will make you think, &#8216;Did I say that?'&#8212;&#8216;Did I do that?' Gifts like this are worth cultivating, even in the software world.&#8221; &#8212;-Dick Gabriel, &#8220;Mob Software&#8221; <musical interlude>