---
id: 158
title: maps
date: 2005-08-26T11:51:39+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "158"
permalink: /?p=158
---
I came to an interesting realisation about myself today; I love maps! I think it started when I was a child, whenever we'd go anywhere, I'd love to follow where we were going on the map. In elementary school, orienteering was my absolute favourite outdoor activity, navigating hazardous (albeit child-safe) terrain with only a map and a compass (and about 20 other classmates doing the same thing). It stemmed partially from my dad's career as a driving instructor, I think. Since he'd go so many different places, I'd always like to know where he went, and how he got there. When our family went to Ohio, I was in charge of directions and driving, my favourite activity was finding where we were and changing our course to the right path whenever we were lost!

Technology today has made this hobby of mine really easy, from mapquest's first release on the internet, to a portable version of digital maps in the form of [Mappoint](http://mappoint.msn.com/) on my laptop. Now with the release of [google earth](http://earth.google.com) and google satellite mapping, I can even see the terrain, adding a whole new dimension to my fun. =)

I spent hours on google earth, looking at vacation spots from orbit, typing in areas just for fun, trying to find places I've visited (like the lynn canyon suspension bridge today).. I'm really looking forward to the day where we can one day get real time access to satellite imagery. Coupled with accurate GPS technology, this kind of linkage could shrink the world by another order of magnitude.