---
id: 159
title: covers
date: 2005-09-21T17:09:25+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "159"
permalink: /?p=159
---
_The covers of this book are too far apart._ - Ambrose Bierce

A plethora of newfound free time has left me tackling longer and longer books to keep myself entertained. Sparked by a partial dramatic bedtime reading of a book recently acquired at the [Canadian National Exhibition](http://www.theex.com), my newly rediscovered love of science fiction, fantasy, history, punctuation, and essentially any book with pages has caused me to devote a lot of time exploring just how far I can walk without looking up. Daily breaks at work are filled with learning about current events, political drama, people, organisations, and nations. Of course, the term &#8220;sparking&#8221; implies that there was something to light in the first place, and there was: a hidden, unsatisfied, long suppressed desire to fill my mind with the images and thoughts of others. Ever since I was very young, I had a deep love for anything inscribed with the printed or written word. Almost an addiction, this desire led me to a number of precarious positions including getting hit by a car (a story for another time). 

During my first year of university, I abandoned this passion of mine in favour of (what I thought was) a more exciting pastime: watching anime and movies. However, the images they generated were insignificant when now compared with those created by the imagination. Often, I hear people complaining of page counts when they read, saying that they're scared of the size of a book, or that it's so hard to find the time or the inclination to read. They echo the sentiments of the above quote, saying that the covers are too far apart. Strangely enough, I agree with this quote as well; the covers of many books _are_ too far apart. Not because they contain pages, but because they contain whole worlds, universes. To delve into those worlds sometimes takes an imagination that many people have lost, because so much of what we entertain ourselves with today requires no effort on our part.