---
id: 130
title: 'j.w vs. the mountain, round 2; FIGHT'
date: 2005-01-05T19:28:57+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "130"
permalink: /?p=130
---
I'm in considerably less pain than last time, which is a good thing, but that is probably in a large part due to the fact that I only went for an hour and a half instead of five hours. The powder was course grit overlaid on ice, so any falls HURT! Getting up hurt too, since my right shoulder and rotator cuff was really tired from activities that I will not mention here. =p Suffice it to say that whenever I had to get up, it wasn't easy. However, since I was highly motivated not to fall, my carving skills got a bit better. As managers and co-workers passed me and lapped me, they shouted out encouragements and tips, with the odd point-and-laugh going my way. =) One of the managers gave me this great tip; lean forward! Not only did this balance the weight between my two legs (my left thigh muscles were getting VERY sore) but this helped me with going &#8220;backwards&#8221; (facing up the mountain). All in all it was very productive, and it was free! The lift tickets normally cost $28. There was free snow tubing too, but I thought it'd be more fun to actually control where I was going. Oh, and one more thing. You can all call me the man who went down the hill without falling. =)

After a quick shower, it was off to the bar. _Very_ interesting times there, especially playing euchre with some of the people I don't normally see. One of the other guys was getting quite tipsy, and everyone loved everyone else by the end of the game. =p I was playing with one of the senior managers of Investments IT (he was the one getting tipsy; and he KEPT GOING ALONE!), but despite everything, we still managed to pull a win, even though we were down 2-1 (sets) in the third round. It was really neat hanging out in a social setting with people I don't hang out with or work with. There was an intense game of poker in the corner (Texas Holdem, $2 limit) and one guy was sweating like mad; It was still going when I left. A game of cranuim was played in another corner, and Euchre tables were scattered everywhere. I ended up going to sleep around 4; with an 8:45 wake-up. I actually feel okay right now. Probably because of all that sleep I stored up over the holidays. =)

Just finished my presentation, which went well. I only paused a few times. I think I'm getting better at giving technical presentations! For lunch we had butternut squash soup; it was SO good! Yesterday's soup was cinnamon carrot, which was also quite delicious! Right now, the combination of lack of sleep and me being full is putting me straight to sleep. Hopefully I can last through the rest of these sessions!