---
id: 147
title: Reflecting on trucks
date: 2005-05-24T17:40:13+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "147"
permalink: /?p=147
---
J'ai visité Montréal le week-end passé; il étais très intéressant. Although it was raining most of the time, we did get a rainless, albeit cloudy, day on Saturday. The drive up was very long, and I think if I had to visit Montreal in the future, I'd take _le train_. By the time we got in, it was close to 1 am. Thanks to Peter for his hospitality and mad tour-guide skills! I had really fun time meeting all sorts of different people there, and seeing what the city has to offer. As I mentioned before, Saturday was the only rainless day, so we went outdoors and biked all around Montreal that day. Met up with Peter's friend Qing who acted as a co-tour guide. We crossed a bridge and saw a Geodetic dome built for the expo, now containing a neat little water exhibit. Thank goodness we're still considered students, as we still continue to get student discounts for all the attractions! =) I should also note at this point that pictures will come soon. Anyway, we wandered around there learning about water conservation and generally looking foolish (as adults often do when playing with children's exhibits - although Em looks enough like a child to get away with it, I think) when suddenly a troupe of Boy/Girl scouts come in to play with the toys! They were so cute, running around and filling a bathtub with water jugs; decided against taking pictures though, for fear of looking stalkerish. Anyway, it was a pretty cool view from the top, could see a lot of the [park](http://www.parcjeandrapeau.com/en/accueil.asp) we were in. After returning the somewhat broken bikes and paying the exhorbitant fee, we went to have a snack of _Queues de Castors_ (beaver tails, for the non-french inclined - actually, that would include me!) And then visited _l'Academie_ for dinner. Although it came highly recommended, the food wasn't quite as good as expected. My _canard_ was excellent, as was the cream of watercress soup, but everyone else's food was sub-standard. It didn't help the _ambiance_ much to have a woman at the next table talking on and on about her chest. As well, because we were in the line for SO LONG, it was too late to do anything after dinner, so we parted ways and went home. 

Sunday consisted of a somewhat downbeat service, followed by an unexpectedly long talk by a Campus Crusade person (remember, my feet were still hurting from yesterday's walk/bike/standing in line), at which point we decided to walk (yay!) some more to the vaunted [Schwartz's Smoked Meats](http://www.montrealfood.com/restos/schwartzs.html)! It was everything we had heard about and more - the food was absolutely unbelievably good! I was tempted to order just a plate of pure smoked meat, but wanted to leave a few of my arteries unclogged so I decided against it. After that, it was off to Em/Peter's friend Joe's house, who made steamed LOBSTER for us! It was sooo good, and SO cheap! Only $10 got us each a lobster and a dish of butter, along with a scoop of mashed potatoes. I think that's the cheapest lobster that I've ever had! There's only one thing to do after a lobster dinner like that, and that's to go to a [Jazz Bar](http://www.upstairsjazz.com). I've heard a lot of good things about the Upstairs Jazz bar, and I'm happy to say that it didn't disappoint. It was a thoroughly enjoyable evening! Monday morning, we toured EA Montreal, the Underground City, and a french bookstore. I can't believe that EA employees all get [Aeron chairs](http://www.hermanmiller.com/CDA/SSA/Product/0,1592,a10-c440-p8,00.html)! Those chairs are the best, and I wish we had them at my company. Anyway, we went to Dunn's for poutine after that, although the cheese wasn't really melted. Since PT asked for cheese curds, we went on a quest to try to locate them, but every place we went to didn't have any! =( And that was the conclusion of our trip.. .a frenzied search for cheese curds (also known as _grain du fromage_. 

I guess some of you may be curious about the title of this post, and the reason behind such a bizzare name. Well, on our way back from MTL, Em discovered a really good christian radio station! Unfortunately, it only served the middle of nowhere&#8482;, so we rapidly lost the signal. However, we found that by following a truck at exactly the right angle, the signal would be amplified by the truck's metal siding. By tailing trucks, we managed to keep listening to the radio station for a good 20-30 minutes more before it finally cut out. Really good radio station; too bad it's so limited. Well, I guess that was our trip in a nutshell; stay tuned for photos!