---
id: 148
title: lunch hour
date: 2005-05-26T22:39:49+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "148"
permalink: /?p=148
---
I've been going through my french course, done four or five sample tests, and I need a break, so blogging it is. =p Lunch hour is usually the time when you get to talk to your co-workers about non-work-related things. It's kinda like the time where you can bond, and otherwise build friendships. Unfortunately, I'm in a bit of a dilemma right now; I don't really fit into any of the current &#8220;lunch group cliques&#8221;. There are three main groups: the english speaking developers' group, the mandarin speaking developers' group, and the co-ops. In the case of the english speaking group, a lot of the issues they talk about are relating to children/marriage, so I obviously don't have anything to add.. Also, even though I wouldn't mind joining them for lunch, they have a tendency to forget to invite me since I am sitting on the other side of the floor, the only one who is that far away. The mandarin speaking group is interesting- my manager is part of this group, and we often play cards, but today I sat with this group and pretty much finished lunch in 15 minutes, neither understanding nor contributing to the conversation, it being in mandarin of course. Finally, the co-ops. I might actually fit in here, except for the fact that I'm continually living with the realisation that
  
  
a) they'll be gone in 3 months
  
  
b) they're KIDS!
  
  
I'm really feeling the weight of my age here. =p So that's how it goes; I can go in between any group and not be shunned, but I'm not really welcomed by any group because of the reasons above. Heh, I guess that's why I've been complaining to meli and telling her that I miss her lunch company. And daniel too of course. Cause we can always use another guy who talks a lot. =p

Anyways, back to la langue française.