---
id: 143
title: happenings
date: 2005-04-19T13:24:28+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "143"
permalink: /?p=143
---
So, finally free! How does it feel? Well, I'm feeling a bit drained, partially because I slept late, but mostly because I am unsure of where the future goes. That's a complicated topic for another time, so lets stick with the easy one of what I did that day. After my exam (which went amazingly well; one of my best yet!) I went to the UW shop sale, picked up some nifty waterloo gear. =) Then I helped Lorna with her computer problems, which involved me saying the words &#8220;Yes&#8221; and &#8220;No&#8221; to the technician. After that I went home, watched an episode of Voyager, and headed out to Fairview Park Mall for some shopping! Picked up [A Snoodle's Tale](http://www.bigidea.com/videos/veggietales/vt022/default.htm) and some books for cheap, some clothes, and also [Super Monkey Ball 2](http://www.sega.com/gamesite/supermonkeyball2/minigame/), an _amazing_ game! (Joanna, remember the big black doctor that kept saying &#8220;Oh yeah!&#8221;?) Stopped by roberts and got 6 meat pies for $2, and then headed home. What started as a short nap turned into a four-hour long sleep from 6 pm to 10 pm. Woke up feeling groggy, and went to Elaine Ho's place for some Mulan 2, (A HORRIBLE HORRIBLE MOVIE) and some Monkey Ball. =) Got to play technical editor/consultant when Elaine asked me to edit their group's design report. It was chock-full of grammatical and technical errors, so it took awhile before I could finish editing, but I managed to get through it, even though it was 2 in the morning. After that, I came back at 3 am to sleep. That was my first day free. =)

It's been two days;