---
id: 180
title: Credit Card Fraud
date: 2006-09-06T09:18:00+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "180"
permalink: /?p=180
---
Well, my mom got back from work late yesterday, and when she opened up her credit card statement, she found something amiss; about $3000 of extra credit card charges for various gasoline stations. After checking her card to make sure she still had it, I told her to call and put a hold on her credit card. To dispute charges, you have to know every line item that you are disputing (obviously). So we photo-copied the statements, and went through them line by line. Since all the charges were gasoline, I'm thinking that someone got ahold of a credit card receipt or used a phishing attack, and replicated a card (which is why they only did gasoline). Odd, though.. some of the gas charges were astronomical; like, $167 a fill? Either they were filling a Tank with premium, or they had a fleet of cars come one by one. Either way, there should be some surveillance records or something, especially after they filled up at so many different places.

I think that we need to start encrypting the data stored on the credit card so that it's not so easy to do. I was a bit suprised to hear that this happened to my mom; I mean, because I log into my bank account website almost daily, double checking charges and such. I barely even look at my paper statement. It's probably a good idea to log in at least twice a month to check charges that have accrued, because differentiating fraud charges and real charges can be difficult, and it's best if you catch it early so that the charges aren't intermingled. Also, make sure that you only log in from a secure computer to reduce risk of people compromising your password. Heh; I guess this is your security bulletin for today. Bottom line, check your charges; and be careful what information is stored on your receipts.