---
id: 185
title: Origins 2007
date: 2007-08-26T21:51:39+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "185"
permalink: /?p=185
---
Origins 2007

Wow, what an experience; again! It was just as much fun as I remember Gencon being; only more so, because I have more interests than just board games! It was a shorter drive to Columbus than it was to Indianapolis; thank goodness, because there were only the two of us going. Got to talk a lot with Richard about guy stuff. Hurrah. =) Anyhow, after leaving at around 3 am, we arrived at 9:45 am without incident. Unfortunately, the hotel didn't have room for us yet, so we had to leave our stuff in the car whilst we went to the registration booth to collect our passes. Advance registration is really worth it! The line-up for onsite registration looked to be at least an hour, but there were exactly two people standing at the pre-registration booth, and so I got my pass within a matter of minutes. The exhibit hall was definitely smaller than GenCon, but there was just as much stuff to see! First stop; the [Privateer Press](http://www.privateerpress.com) booth, for a look at the creators of my newest hobby, Warmachine! Everything there was so cheap! I picked up all the newest magazines, etc. and spent some time wandering around the hall. The first thing I noticed was that there were a lot fewer cosplayers. The second thing I noticed was that there were a lot of overweight people; even more so than GenCon. I hope that doesn't happen to me! =p

Anyway, there were a lot of cool independent booths, with people that designed their own games (both board and computer), movies, and comic books. Quite a sight! There were a lot less freebies than at Gencon though. There was a booth that billed themselves as the Myspace for card gamers, and if you signed up, you could roll dice to win stuff! First prize was a Wii, (for that you need to roll 1-1-1 or 20-20-20 on the 20 sided dice) so I took the chance; I rolled a 20,20, and a;4. Darn. So close. I won a pad of paper. Great. So moving right along;

The board games

The whole conference was just a blur of games, and I ended up playing a LOT of Mayfair games (the guys who publish settlers). I got knighted by the booth runners, and got a 50% off coupon for my troubles. To get the knighthood though, yyou had to play a ton of mayfair games. You needed one of each of the 5 resources in settlers, so you played any mayfair game to get a Clay, any mayfair train game to get an Ore, any mayfair card game (like bang!) to get a wheat, any mayfair/davinci game to get a wood, and any mayfair game in the exhibit hall to get a sheep. As you can probably tell, I was pretty sick of mayfair games by the end of the conference. =) Although I didn't actually play all those games; Instead, I traded 4 clay for a wheat. (They had a port). And I got my ore and wood through other means. I was searching for those last two items on the Saturday evening before we had to leave. One of the guys running the mayfair games asked us if we wanted to play settlers, and we replied that we were looking to complete our set of five. He furtitively whispered that there was an older female player who had just come to play settlers after a long break due to pregnancy, and that if we'd play with her, he'd give us whatever we wanted. Sure, why not, we can help her have a good time! =) So off we went. I got way ahead early on; could've had 3 cities by turn 10; but I didn't want the game to be stupidly fast, so I purposely held off to just one city, and tossed all my wheat when I was subsequently robbed by the evil dog &#8220;Patch&#8221; (our substitute robber!). From then on, it was a close race except for Richard, who somehow ALWAYS gets screwed by the dice when playing settlers. I don't know why that is. Without fail, every single time I've played with him. Maybe thats why we were so attracted to other euros without dice. =) Anyway, I ended up taking the win, barely, so it was good fun for everyone. I completed my set, and we were good to go!

I signed up for a warmachine tournament on the friday.. and I was so close to winning. I ended up getting back to my hotel around 4 in the morning; 8 solid hours of warmachine! I scarfed down some of the leftovers from the night's dinner, because I was ravenously hungry, and then jumped into the shower and bed. It was painful losing, but I had a blast! 

A new game we tried when trying to use up all our generic tokens was Anima. It was a very interesting mechanic, and is published by our very favourite publisher, [Fantasy Flight Games](http://fantasyflightgames.com), who've brought us games like Twilight Imperium, Fury of Dracula, and Shadows over Camelot. It's a non-collectible card game, so everything you need is right there in the deck. The basic goal is to kill the final end boss, but along the way, you pick up party members and organisations. It's fun, because all your enhancements develop the character storyline, and it's different every time. It's loads of fun!

Anyway, I'm kinda sad that it's all over.. and I can't wait till next year, when hopefully we can get more people to come!