---
id: 190
title: House Mouse
date: 2008-04-10T22:24:00+00:00
author: him.happyhippos
layout: post
guid: "190"
permalink: /?p=190
---
So, yesterday, as I was preparing to leave Emily's house, we were talking. She was studying in her room, and I was descending the staircase; when I heard a startled screech. &#8220;There's a mouse in my room!&#8221;

Me being the skeptic, I asked her if she was sure she hadn't imagined it. After her repeated assurances, I went to investigate. She said it was behind her dresser, so I sealed up all other exits, and shone a flashlight along one side. Hmm, no mouse. How strange. I must admit, I didn't really believe her. I opened the lower drawer somewhat, peering with the flashlight, and declared that the mouse was NOT, in fact, a figment of her imagination. At this point Mich was in the room as well, and both of them were a bit hysterical at that point. (No one wanted to hold the plastic box that I had set up to keep the mouse trapped, for some ODD reason!) I finally convinced Mich to hold the box, and conceived an (in hindsight) overly elaborate plan involving a hockey stick and slamming the lid of the box down. Mich had a bit of trouble closing the trap once I had flushed him (lets call him Remy) out, but I was quite positive that she would be unwilling to do the flushing, since there would be no protective plastic between her and the mouse. I also underestimated Remy's jumping ability, as he was easily able to clear the 8&#8243; drawer wall. The first time he did that, he startled me a bit, causing me to exclaim some clean epithet, whereupon both girls shrieked. I calmed them both down, and got Emily to go downstairs, but while I was trying to flush Remy out, he jumped the barrier and ran under Emily's desk!

Problem.

You see, there's a LOT of stuff under here desk, computer wires, etc. There are also a lot of spaces where a mouse can hide. I looked around, though, and realised that it could've been a lot worse. If Remy got under Emily's bed, it'd be all over. I constructed a makeshift barricade so that he couldn't pass through to the bed area, while Mich blocked the door with a pair of Emily's pants. (We used clothing liberally in our quest to seal things off!) We tried to lure it out with cheese and one of those movie traps where you pull a string and a box will drop, but to no avail. Obviously we'd have to try a different tactic. 

I gave Mich the plastic box and told her to use it to capture the mouse if it came by. Earlier, I had given the plastic garbage can to Emily, and told her to try the same thing. She replied that there was no way she could catch the mouse, that it was too fast, so I told her about the golden piece of knowledge that I had gained from years of counterstrike. Shoot where they are going to be, not where they are. Well, my skills were put to the test, because after I stuck the badminton racquet under the drawers, instead of going towards Michelle (a fact I am sure she is most grateful for), Remy ran directly towards me, the light source. Well, years of computer games and badminton have honed my reflexes, and I quickly grabbed the garbage can and Bang! Remy was trapped! And you thought that playing computer games was a waste of time. =)

Well, he was SO cute that I couldn't resist my shutterbug yearning, and after asking Michelle to hold the top, I grabbed Emily's camera and started shooting. We placed the Christian Apologetics book that you can see in the photo gallery on top of the makeshift cage, so that he couldn't get out (that book is huge!) There was such poor lighting though, that I had to transport him to my house, whereupon he faced the full wrath of my 100 watt incandescent and halogen lamps! I fed him a bit, used him as a photo subject, and decided that it was time to let my new friend go. Out in the driveway he went, so that he couldn't come back inside. He really did a number on the cage though, chewing up bits of plastic everywhere!
  
Check the [photos!](http://flickr.com/photos/zhakrynn/sets/72157604475978554/)

And for the other side's [perspective..](http://sheepie.net/entries.php?id=661_mouse_in_house)